Agilent Technologies Inc. is a global leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets. Now in its 20 th year as an independent company delivering insight and innovation toward improving the quality of life, Agilent instruments, software, services, solutions and people provide trusted answers to customers' most challenging questions. The company generated revenue of $5.16 billion in fiscal 2019 and employs 16,300 people worldwide.
Alcoa is a global industry leader in bauxite, alumina, and aluminum products, and is built on a foundation of strong values and operating excellence dating back more than 130 years to the world-changing discovery that made aluminum an affordable and vital part of modern life. Since developing the aluminum industry, and throughout our history, our talented Alcoans have followed on with breakthrough innovations and best practices that have led to efficiency, safety, sustainability, and stronger communities wherever we operate.
ATA Inc. (ATA) is a provides computer-based testing services, test-based educational services, test preparation and training solutions and other related services in the People's Republic of China. The Company offers services for the creation and delivery of computer-based tests utilizing the test delivery platform, testing technologies and providing testing services in the People's Republic of China. Its computer-based testing services are used for professional licensure and certification tests in various industries, including information technology (IT) services, banking, securities, teaching and insurance. In November 2013, the Company announced that it has acquired Xing Wei Institute (HK) Limited, a private education technology company that provides training solutions as well as online and mobile training platforms for corporations in China.

Artius Acquisition Inc Unit 1 Com & 13 Wt Exp 2025
Artius Acquisition Inc - Warrants (01/01/9999)
Arlington Asset Investment Corp., an investment firm, acquires mortgage-related and other assets. The company acquires on a leveraged basis residential mortgage-backed securities (MBS) that are issued by the United States (U.S.) government agency, or guaranteed as to principal and interest by U.S. government agencies, or U.S. government-sponsored entities. It also acquires MBS issued by private organizations. The company was formerly known as Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group, Inc. Arlington Asset Investment Corp. was founded in 1989 and is based in Arlington, Virginia.
Arlington Asset Investment Corp 7.00% Series B Cumulative Perpetual Redeemable Preferred Stock
Arlington Asset Investment Corp 8250 Series C FixedtoFloating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
American?€?s purpose is to care for people on life?€?s journey. Shares of American Airlines Group Inc. trade on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol AAL and the company?€?s stock is included in the S&P 500.
Altisource Asset Management Corporation provides asset management and corporate governance services for institutional investors in the United States. The company offers its services under a residential asset management agreement to Altisource Residential Corporation, which acquires and owns single-family rental assets. It also provides management services to NewSource Reinsurance Company Ltd. The company was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in Frederiksted, Virgin Islands.
Atlantic American Corporation, through its subsidiaries, provides life and health, and property and casualty insurance products in the United States. Its property and casualty insurance products include business automobile insurance coverage for state governments, local municipalities, and other motor pools and fleets; and personal property, inland marine, and general liability products. The company also offers surety bond coverage for school bus transportation and subdivision construction, as well as performance and payment bonds. In addition, it provides life and supplemental health products, including ordinary and term life insurance, Medicare supplement, and other accident and health insurance products. The company markets its policies through independent agents. Atlantic American Corporation was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.
Headquartered in Atlanta, Aaron's, Inc., is a leading omnichannel provider of lease-purchase solutions. Aaron's Business engages in the sales and lease ownership and specialty retailing of furniture, consumer electronics, home appliances and accessories through its approximately 1,400 company-operated and franchised stores in 47 states and Canada as well as its e-commerce platform, Aarons.com. In addition, Progressive Leasing, a virtual lease-to-own company, provides lease-purchase solutions through over 20,000 retail locations in 46 states. Vive Financial, provides a variety of second-look credit products that are originated through federally insured banks.
: Applied Optoelectronics Inc. (AOI) is a leading developer and manufacturer of advanced optical products, including components, modules and equipment. AOI's products are the building blocks for broadband fiber access networks around the world, where they are used in the internet datacenter, CATV broadband, telecom and FTTH markets. AOI supplies optical networking lasers, components and equipment to tier-1 customers in all four of these markets. In addition to its corporate headquarters, wafer fab and advanced engineering and production facilities in Sugar Land, TX, AOI has engineering and manufacturing facilities in Taipei, Taiwan and Ningbo, China.
AAON, Inc. (AAON) is engaged in the manufacture and sale of air-conditioning and heating equipment. The Company's products consist of rooftop units, chillers, air-handling units, make-up air units, heat recovery units, condensing units, commercial self contained units and coils. Its products serve the commercial and industrial new construction and replacement markets. AAON markets its products to 50 states in the United States and certain provinces in Canada. Its operating subsidiaries include AAON, Inc. and AAON Coil Products, Inc. The Company's rooftop and condenser markets consist of units installed on commercial or industrial structures of generally less than 10 stories in height. Its air-handling units, commercial self-contained units, chillers, and coils are applicable to all sizes of commercial and industrial buildings.
Advance Auto Parts, Inc. is a leading automotive aftermarket parts provider that serves both professional installer and do-it-yourself customers. As of October 3, 2020, Advance operated 4,811 stores and 168 Worldpac branches in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The Company also serves 1,269 independently owned Carquest branded stores across these locations in addition to Mexico and various Caribbean islands.
Apple Inc. (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company's products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. The Company also delivers digital content and applications through the iTunes Store, App StoreSM, iBookstoreSM, and Mac App Store. The Company distributes its products worldwide through its retail stores, online stores, and direct sales force, as well as through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers, and value-added resellers. In February 2012, the Company acquired app-search engine Chomp.
American Assets Trust, Inc. is a full service, vertically integrated and self-administered real estate investment trust, or REIT, headquartered in San Diego, California. The company has over 50??years of experience in acquiring, improving, developing and managing premier office, retail, and residential properties throughout??the United States??in some of the nation?€?s most dynamic, high-barrier-to-entry markets primarily in??Southern California,??Northern California,??Oregon,??Washington, Texas??and Hawaii. The company's office portfolio comprises approximately 3.4 million rentable square feet, and its retail portfolio comprises approximately 3.1 million square feet. In addition, the company owns one mixed-use property (including approximately 97,000 rentable square feet of retail space and a 369-room all-suite hotel) and 2,112 multifamily units. In 2011, the company was formed to succeed to the real estate business of American Assets, Inc., a privately held corporation founded in 1967 and, as such, has significant experience, long-standing relationships and extensive knowledge of its core markets, submarkets and asset classes.
Almaden Minerals Ltd. acquires, explores for, and develops mineral properties in Canada, the United States, and Mexico. The company primarily explores for gold, silver, and copper deposits. Its principal properties include its 100% interest in the Tuligtic property located in the state of Puebla, Mexico; and the El Cobre property located in the state of Veracruz, Mexico. Almaden Minerals Ltd. was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.
Atlas Air Worldwide is a leading global provider of outsourced aircraft and aviation operating services. It is the parent company of Atlas Air, Inc., Southern Air Holdings, Inc. and Titan Aviation Holdings, Inc., and is the majority shareholder of Polar Air Cargo Worldwide, Inc. Our companies operate the world?€?s largest fleet of 747 freighter aircraft and provide customers the broadest array of Boeing 747, 777, 767 and 737 aircraft for domestic, regional and international cargo and passenger operations.

AllianceBernstein is a leading global investment management firm that offers high-quality research and diversified investment services to institutional investors, individuals and private wealth clients in major world markets. As of September 30, 2020, including both the general partnership and limited partnership interests in AllianceBernstein, AllianceBernstein Holding owned approximately 35.5% of AllianceBernstein and Equitable Holdings, Inc. ("EQH"), directly and through various subsidiaries, owned an approximate 65.3% economic interest in AllianceBernstein.
ABB Ltd (ABB) is engaged in power and automation technologies committed to improving performance and lowering the environmental impact for utility and industry customers. The Company provides a broad range of products, systems, solutions and services that are designed to power grid reliability boost industrial productivity and enhance energy efficiency. The Company's power businesses focus on power transmission, distribution and power-plant automation, and support electric, gas and water utilities, as well as industrial and commercial customers. Effective September 27, 2013, ABB Ltd acquired Baldor Electric India Pvt Ltd.
AbbVie's mission is to discover and deliver innovative medicines that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow. We strive to have a remarkable impact on people's lives across several key therapeutic areas: immunology, oncology, neuroscience, eye care, virology, women's health and gastroenterology, in addition to products and services across its Allergan Aesthetics portfolio.
AmerisourceBergen provides pharmaceutical products, value-driving services and business solutions that improve access to care. Tens of thousands of healthcare providers, veterinary practices and livestock producers trust us as their partner in the pharmaceutical supply chain. Global manufacturers depend on us for services that drive commercial success for their products. Through our daily work?€?and powered by our 22,000 associates?€?we are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. AmerisourceBergen is ranked #10 on the Fortune 500, with more than $175 billion in annual revenue. The company is headquartered in Valley Forge, Pa. and has a presence in 50+ countries.
Ameris Bancorp is a bank holding company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. Ameris Bancorp's banking subsidiary, Ameris Bank, has 170 locations in Georgia, Alabama, Florida and South Carolina. Ameris Bancorp's common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "ABCB."
As an innovator in reagents and tools, Abcam?€?s purpose is to serve life science researchers globally to achieve their mission, faster. Providing the research and clinical communities with tools and scientific support, the Company offers highly validated biological binders and assays to address important targets in critical biological pathways. Already a pioneer in data sharing and ecommerce in the life sciences, Abcam?€?s ambition is to be the most influential company in life sciences by helping advance global understanding of biology and causes of disease, which, in turn, will drive new treatments and improved health. In the fiscal year ended 30 June 2020, Abcam?€?s worldwide customer base consisted of approximately 750,000 life science researchers. By actively listening to and collaborating with these researchers, the Company continuously advances its portfolio to address their needs. A transparent programme of customer reviews and datasheets, combined with an industry-leading validation initiative, gives researchers increased confidence in their results. Founded in 1998 and headquartered in Cambridge, UK, the Company has served customers in to more than 130 countries. Abcam?€?s ordinary shares were admitted to trading on AIM in 2005 (AIM: ABC) and its American Depositary Shares began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market in October 2020. Please visit www.abcam.com or www.abcamplc.com to find out more.
ABEO
Ambev S.A., through its subsidiaries, produces, distributes, and sells beer, draft beer, soft drinks, other non-alcoholic beverages, malt, and food in the Americas. The company operates through Latin America North, Latin America South, and Canada segments. It offers beers primarily under Skol, Brahma, Antarctica brands, Brahva, Brahva Beats, Brahva Light, Extra, Budweiser, Becks, Corona & Stella Artois, Presidente, Brahma Light, President Light, Bohemia, The One, Corona, Stella Artois, Quilmes Cristal, Pace??a, Taqui??a, Huari, Becker, B??ltica, Pilsen, Patricia, and Bud Light, as well as Labatt Blue, Alexander Keith??s, Stella Artois, and Kokanee brands. The company also offers carbonated soft drinks, bottled water, isotonic beverages, energy drinks, and ready-to-drink teas under the Guaran?? Antarctica, Gatorade, H2OH!, Lipton Iced Tea, Fusion, Monster, Red Rock, Pepsi-Cola, Seven Up, Concordia, Evervess, and Triple Kola brands. It has an agreement with PepsiCo to produce, sell, and distribute Pepsi products in Brazil, Argentina, Bolivia, Uruguay, Peru, and the Dominican Republic; and a licensing agreement with Anheuser-Busch, Inc. to produce, bottle, sell, and distribute Budweiser products in Brazil, Canada, Ecuador, Guatemala, the Dominican Republic, and Paraguay. The company also produces and distributes Stella Artois under license to Anheuser-Busch InBev S.A./N.V. in Brazil, Canada, Argentina, and other countries. Ambev S.A. offers its products through a network of third-party distributors and a direct distribution system. Ambev S.A. was formerly known as InBev Participacoes Societarias S.A. and changed its name to Ambev S.A. in March 2013. The company was founded in 1885 and is based in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Ambev S.A. is a subsidiary of Interbrew International B.V.
Asbury Automotive Group, Inc.??("Asbury"), a Fortune 500 company headquartered in??Duluth, GA, is one of the largest automotive retailers in the U.S.?? Asbury currently operates 90 dealerships, consisting of 113 franchises, representing 31 domestic and foreign brands of vehicles. Asbury also operates 25 collision repair centers. Asbury offers customers an extensive range of automotive products and services, including new and used vehicle sales and related financing and insurance, vehicle maintenance and repair services, replacement parts and service contracts.
ARCA biopharma, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, focuses on developing genetically-targeted therapies for cardiovascular diseases. Its lead product candidate is Gencaro, a pharmacologically unique beta-blocker and mild vasodilator for the treatment of atrial fibrillation in patients with heart failure and left ventricular dysfunction. ARCA biopharma, Inc. is headquartered in Westminster, Colorado.
ABM Industries Incorporated (ABM) is a provider of integrated facility solutions. The Company provides end-to-end integrated facilities management services to thousands of commercial, governmental, industrial, institutional, residential, and retail client facilities in hundreds of cities, primarily throughout the United States. ABM's capabilities include facility services, energy solutions, commercial cleaning, maintenance and repair, heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC), electrical, landscaping, parking and security, through stand-alone or integrated solutions. ABM delivers custom facility solutions to sites across multiple industries from healthcare, government and education to high-tech, aviation and manufacturing. The Company operates in four segments: Janitorial, Facility Solutions, Parking and Security. In November 2012, the Company acquired HHA Services. In November 2012, the Company's ABM Building Services acquired the operations of Calvert-Jones.
Based in Danvers, Massachusetts, USA, Abiomed, Inc. is a leading provider of medical devices that provide circulatory support. Our products are designed to enable the heart to rest by improving blood flow and/or performing the pumping of the heart.
Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. is a nationwide real estate investment trust and direct lender, providing loan origination and servicing for multifamily, seniors housing, healthcare and other diverse commercial real estate assets. Headquartered in New York, Arbor manages a multibillion-dollar servicing portfolio, specializing in government-sponsored enterprise products. Arbor is a Fannie Mae DUS?? lender and Freddie Mac Optigo Seller/Servicer. Arbor?€?s product platform also includes CMBS, bridge, mezzanine and preferred equity lending.
Arbor Realty Trust Preferred Series A
Arbor Realty Trust Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Series B
Arbor Realty Trust Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Series C
Absolute Software Corporation
As part of our purpose to help people live fuller lives through better health, Abbott is committed to advancing health equity, working side-by-side with the communities we serve to address health disparities and tackle barriers to health. This includes efforts across our business and in partnership with others to expand access to technology, quality care and nutrition, and to advance STEM and health education to inspire a diverse and innovative next generation. Looking ahead, Abbott will further extend these efforts with the launch of its 2030 sustainability strategy and plan later this year, with forward-looking targets to build a stronger, more sustainable Abbott that better serves the many people who depend on us.
As of September??30, 2019, Allegiance was a $4.91 billion asset Houston, Texas-based bank holding company. Through its wholly owned subsidiary, Allegiance Bank, Allegiance provides a diversified range of commercial banking services primarily to small to medium-sized businesses and individual customers in the Houston region. Allegiance?€?s super-community banking strategy was designed to foster strong customer relationships while benefiting from a platform and scale that is competitive with larger local and regional banks. As of September??30, 2019, Allegiance Bank operated 27 full-service banking locations in the Houston region, which we define as the Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land and Beaumont-Port Arthur metropolitan statistical areas, with 26 bank offices and one loan production office in the Houston metropolitan area and one bank office location in Beaumont, just outside of the Houston metropolitan area.
Arbutus Biopharma Corporation??is a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company primarily dedicated to discovering, developing and commercializing a cure for people with chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection. The Company is advancing multiple drug product candidates that may be combined into a potentially curative regimen for chronic HBV infection. Arbutus has also initiated a drug discovery and development effort for treating coronaviruses (including COVID-19).
Associated Capital Group, Inc., based in Greenwich Connecticut, is a diversified global financial services company that provides alternative investment management through Gabelli & Company Investment Advisers, Inc. (?€?GCIA?€? f/k/a Gabelli Securities, Inc.). Associated Capital launched direct activities in August 2017 along three core pillars; Gabelli Private Equity Partners, LLC (?€?GPEP?€?), with $150 million of authorized capital as a ?€?fund-less?€? sponsor; Gabelli Special Purpose Acquisition Vehicles (?€?SPAC?€?); and Gabelli Principal Strategies Group, LLC. (?€?GPS?€?) formed to pursue strategic operating initiatives. Our Direct Investing efforts are organized to invest in various ways, including growth capital, leveraged buyouts and restructurings, with an emphasis on small and mid-sized companies in the United States. Our investment sourcing is across a variety channels including direct owners, private equity funds, classic agents, and corporate carve outs. The Company?€?s direct investing vehicles allow us to acquire companies and create long-term value with no pre-determined exit timetable.
Arcosa Inc. When Issued
Acies Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/4 War)
ACADIA is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative medicines to address unmet medical needs in central nervous system disorders. ACADIA has developed and commercialized the first and only medicine approved for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Parkinson?€?s disease psychosis. ACADIA?€?s development efforts are focused on pimavanserin for additional neuropsychiatric conditions, trofinetide for Rett syndrome, ACP-044 for pain management and an early-stage muscarinic receptor program.
The Company is a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. While the Company may pursue an initial business combination target in any business or industry, it intends to focus its search on the consumer and retail sectors.
Acamar Partners Acquisition Corp - Unit (1 Ordinary Class A & 0.33 War)
Acamar Partners Acquisition Corp Warrants 22022024
Aurora Cannabis Inc.??(NYSE: ACB), headquartered in??Edmonton, Alberta, Canada??with funded capacity in excess of 500,000 kg per annum and sales and operations in 18 countries across five continents, is one of the world's largest and leading cannabis companies. Aurora Cannabis Inc. recently announced that its common shares have been approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"), and will commence trading effective the open of markets,??October 23rd, 2018. Aurora's shares will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol "ACB", the same symbol the Company's common shares currently, and will continue to, trade under on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX). Existing shares of Aurora, which previously traded on the OTCQX under the ticker symbol "ACBFF", will now trade on the NYSE. "Our NYSE listing represents another important milestone that reflects our commitment to all stakeholders as we continue advancing domestic and international growth initiatives, which includes expanding our base of global institutional and retail investors," said??Terry Booth, Chief Executive Officer of Aurora. "Aurora has rapidly developed into a globally mature organization with industry leading and technologically advanced production facilities available to produce at unprecedented scale to meet the growing demand for high-quality cannabis both in??Canada??and abroad. We are also uniquely committed to leveraging our deep knowledge base to further scientific research into medical applications of cannabis, and developing novel, higher-margin product offerings that strongly differentiate Aurora from our competition.
Atlantic Capital Bancshares, Inc. (ACBI), with assets of $2.9 billion, is a publicly-traded bank holding company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. Atlantic Capital is a 2019 and 2020 Best Places to Work and Best Banks to Work For recipient. Atlantic Capital offers commercial and not-for-profit banking services, specialty corporate financial services, private banking services and commercial real estate finance solutions to privately held companies and individuals in the Atlanta area, as well as specialized financial services for select clients nationally.
American Campus Communities, Inc. is the largest owner, manager and developer of high-quality student housing communities in the United States. The company is a fully integrated, self-managed and self-administered equity real estate investment trust (REIT) with expertise in the design, finance, development, construction management and operational management of student housing properties. As of June 30, 2020, American Campus Communities owned 166 student housing properties containing approximately 111,900 beds. Including its owned and third-party managed properties, ACC's total managed portfolio consisted of 201 properties with approximately 138,000 beds. Visit www.americancampus.com. About Hi, How Are You? Project The Hi How Are You (HHAY) Project was created to generate new conversation around mental wellbeing. The name and city-proclaimed HHAY Day were inspired by Austin?€?s love for the iconic mural painted by Daniel Johnston. On January 22nd (Johnston?€?s birthday), people everywhere are encouraged to check in on a neighbor, friend, co-worker, family member, or loved one and ask, ?€?Hi, How Are You??€? The Project, created with the support of the Johnston family, creates media, events, and peer-to-peer training programs that encourage open dialogue on mental wellbeing. Johnston is a world-renowned musician and visual artist despite his own struggles with mental illness.
Accolade provides personalized health and benefits solutions designed to empower every person to live their healthiest life. Using a blend of cloud-based technologies, specialized support from Accolade Health Assistants?? and Clinicians, and integrated data and programs across mobile, online and phone, Accolade navigates people through the healthcare system with trust, empathy and ease. Employers offer Accolade to employees and their families as the single place to turn for all health, healthcare, and benefits questions or concerns, increasing their engagement in benefits and connecting them to high-quality providers and care. By empowering members to make better decisions about their health, Accolade can support members in lowering the cost and complexity of healthcare while achieving consumer satisfaction ratings over 90 percent and an NPS of 60.
ACCO Brands Corporation is one of the world's largest designers, marketers and manufacturers of branded academic, consumer and business products. Our widely recognized brands include Artline??, AT-A-GLANCE??, Barrilito??, Derwent??, Esselte??, Five Star??, Foroni??, GBC??, Hilroy??, Kensington??, Leitz??, Mead??, Quartet??, Rapid??, Rexel??, Swingline??, Tilibra??, Wilson Jones?? and many others. Our products are sold in more than 100 countries around the world.
Accel is a leading distributed gaming operator in the United States on an Adjusted EBITDA basis, and a preferred partner for local business owners in the Illinois market. Accel?€?s business consists of the installation, maintenance and operation of VGTs, redemption devices that disburse winnings and contain ATM functionality, and other amusement devices in authorized non-casino locations such as restaurants, bars, taverns, convenience stores, liquor stores, truck stops, and grocery stores.
Acer is a pharmaceutical company focused on the acquisition, development and commercialization of therapies for serious rare and life-threatening diseases with significant unmet medical needs. Acer?€?s pipeline includes four programs: emetine hydrochloride for the treatment of patients with COVID-19; ACER-001 (a taste-masked, immediate release formulation of sodium phenylbutyrate) for the treatment of various inborn errors of metabolism, including urea cycle disorders (UCDs) and Maple Syrup Urine Disease (MSUD); EDSIVO??? (celiprolol) for the treatment of vascular Ehlers-Danlos syndrome (vEDS) in patients with a confirmed type III collagen (COL3A1) mutation; and osanetant for the treatment of induced Vasomotor Symptoms (iVMS). Each of Acer?€?s product candidates is believed to present a comparatively de-risked profile, having one or more of a favorable safety profile, clinical proof-of-concept data, mechanistic differentiation and/or accelerated paths for development through specific programs and procedures established by the FDA.
Adicet Bio, Inc. is a biotechnology company discovering and developing allogeneic gamma delta T cell therapies for cancer and other diseases. Adicet is advancing a pipeline of ?€?off-the-shelf?€? gamma delta T cells, engineered with chimeric antigen receptors and T cell receptor-like antibodies to enhance selective tumor targeting, facilitate innate and adaptive anti-tumor immune response, and improve persistence for durable activity in patients.

ACE Convergence Acquisition Corp Units 1 Ord Cl A & 12 Red Wt 09302027
ACE Convergence Acquisition Corp - Warrants (30/09/2027)
Arch Capital Group Ltd., a Bermuda-based company with approximately $14.7 billion in capital at June 30, 2020, provides insurance, reinsurance and mortgage insurance on a worldwide basis through its wholly owned subsidiaries.
Arch Capital Group Ltd. Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1000th Interest in a Share of5.45% Non-Cumulative Preferred Shares Series F

Aluminum Corporation of China Limited manufactures and distributes alumina and primary aluminum in the People??s Republic of China and internationally. Its Alumina segment is involved in the mining and purchase of bauxite and other raw materials, refining bauxite into alumina, and sale of alumina. This segment also produces and sells chemical alumina and metal gallium. The company??s Primary Aluminum segment is engaged in the smelting alumina to produce primary aluminum. This segment also produces and sells carbon products, aluminum alloy, and other aluminum products. Its Energy segment is involved in coal mining; electricity generation by thermal power, wind power, and solar power; and new energy related equipment manufacturing businesses, as well as construction and operation of coal aluminum integration. The company??s Trading segment is involved in trading of alumina, primary aluminum, aluminum fabrication products, other non-ferrous metal products, coal products, raw materials, and supplemental materials. In addition, Aluminum Corporation of China Limited is engaged in the production, acquisition, and distribution of limestone ore, aluminum magnesium ore, and related nonferrous metal products; and aluminum smelting, manufacture, and distribution of nonferrous metals. The company was founded in 2001 and is based in Beijing, the People's Republic of China. Aluminum Corporation of China Limited is a subsidiary of Aluminum Corporation of China.
Acadia is a leading provider of behavioral healthcare services. As of June 30, 2020, Acadia operated a network of 589 behavioral healthcare facilities with approximately 18,200 beds in 40 states, the United Kingdom and Puerto Rico. Acadia provides behavioral healthcare services to its patients in a variety of settings, including inpatient psychiatric hospitals, specialty treatment facilities, residential treatment centers and outpatient clinics.

Locally great and nationally strong, Albertsons Companies is a leading food and drug retailer in the United States. The company operates stores across 34 states and the District of Columbia under 20 well-known banners including Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Jewel-Osco, Shaw's, Acme, Tom Thumb, Randalls, United Supermarkets, Pavilions, Star Market, Haggen and Carrs. The Company is committed to helping people across the country live better lives by making a meaningful difference, neighborhood by neighborhood. In 2019 alone, along with the Albertsons Companies Foundation, the Company gave $225 million in food and financial support. In 2020, the Company made a $53 million commitment to community hunger relief efforts and a $5 million commitment to organizations supporting social justice. These efforts have helped millions of people in the areas of hunger relief, education, cancer research and treatment, social justice and programs for people with disabilities and veterans' outreach.

Atlas Crest Investment Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
AC Immune SA??is a Nasdaq-listed clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, which aims to become a global leader in precision medicine for neurodegenerative diseases. The Company utilizes two proprietary platforms, SupraAntigen?????and Morphomer???, to design, discover and develop small molecule and biological therapeutics as well as diagnostic products intended to diagnose, prevent, and modify neurodegenerative diseases caused by misfolding proteins. The Company's pipeline features nine therapeutic and three diagnostic product candidates, with six currently in clinical trials. It has collaborations with major pharmaceutical companies including??Genentech, a member of the Roche Group, Eli Lilly and Company and??Janssen Pharmaceuticals.
ACI Worldwide powers digital payments for more than 6,000 organizations around the world. More than 1,000 of the largest financial institutions and intermediaries, as well as thousands of global merchants, rely on ACI to execute $14 trillion each day in payments and securities. In addition, myriad organizations utilize our bill presentment and payment services. Through our comprehensive suite of software solutions delivered on customers?€? premises, through the public cloud or through ACI?€?s private cloud, we provide real-time payment capabilities and enable the industry?€?s most complete omni-channel payments experience. ?? Copyright ACI Worldwide, Inc. 2020 ACI, ACI Worldwide, ACI Payments, Inc., ACI Pay, Speedpay and all ACI product/solution names are trademarks or registered trademarks of ACI Worldwide, Inc., or one of its subsidiaries, in the United States, other countries or both. Other parties?€? trademarks referenced are the property of their respective owners.
Axcelis, headquartered in Beverly, Mass., has been providing innovative, high-productivity solutions for the semiconductor industry for over 40 years. Axcelis is dedicated to developing enabling process applications through the design, manufacture and complete life cycle support of ion implantation systems, one of the most critical and enabling steps in the IC manufacturing process.
AECOM is the world?€?s premier infrastructure consulting firm, delivering professional services throughout the project lifecycle ?€? from planning, design and engineering to program and construction management. We partner with our clients in the public and private sectors to solve their most complex challenges and build legacies for generations to come. On projects spanning transportation, buildings, water, governments, energy and the environment, our teams are driven by a common purpose to deliver a better world. AECOM is a Fortune 500 firm and its Professional Services business had revenue of approximately $13.6 billion in fiscal year 2019. See how we deliver what others can only imagine at aecom.com and @AECOM.
ACM develops, manufactures and sells semiconductor process equipment for single-wafer or batch wet cleaning, electroplating, stress-free polishing and thermal processes that are critical to advanced semiconductor device manufacturing, as well as wafer-level packaging. The company is committed to delivering customized, high performance, cost-effective process solutions that semiconductor manufacturers can use in numerous manufacturing steps to improve productivity and product yield. ?? ACM Research, Inc. The ACM Research logo is a trademark of ACM Research, Inc. For convenience, this trademark appears in this press release without a ??? symbol, but that practice does not mean that ACM Research will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, its rights to such trademark.
Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services ?€? all powered by the world?€?s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 506,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities.
ACNB Corporation, headquartered in Gettysburg, PA, is the $2.5 billion financial holding company for the wholly-owned subsidiaries of ACNB Bank, Gettysburg, PA, and Russell Insurance Group, Inc., Westminster, MD. Originally founded in 1857, ACNB Bank serves its marketplace with banking and wealth management services, including trust and retail brokerage, via a network of 21 community banking offices, located in the four southcentral Pennsylvania counties of Adams, Cumberland, Franklin and York, as well as loan offices in Lancaster and York, PA, and Hunt Valley, MD. As divisions of ACNB Bank operating in Maryland, FCB Bank and NWSB Bank serve the local marketplace with a network of five and seven community banking offices located in Frederick County and Carroll County, MD, respectively. Russell Insurance Group, Inc., the Corporation?€?s insurance subsidiary, is a full-service agency with licenses in 44 states.

Ascendant Digital Acquisition Corp. Units each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and onehalf of one redeemable warrant
Ascendant Digital Acquisition Corp Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share
Acorda Therapeutics develops therapies to restore function and improve the lives of people with neurological disorders. INBRIJA?? (levodopa inhalation powder) is approved for intermittent treatment of OFF episodes in adults with Parkinson?€?s disease treated with carbidopa/levodopa. INBRIJA is not to be used by patients who take or have taken a nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitor such as phenelzine or tranylcypromine within the last two weeks. INBRIJA utilizes Acorda?€?s innovative ARCUS?? pulmonary delivery system, a technology platform designed to deliver medication through inhalation. Acorda also markets the branded AMPYRA?? (dalfampridine) Extended Release Tablets, 10 mg.
Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation is a specialty finance company primarily engaged in originating and investing in commercial real estate loans and related investments. Through its national direct origination platform, the Company provides a broad offering of flexible and reliable financing solutions for commercial real estate owners and operators. The Company originates senior mortgage loans, as well as subordinate financings, mezzanine debt and preferred equity, with an emphasis on providing value added financing on a variety of properties located in liquid markets across the United States. Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation elected and qualified to be taxed as a real estate investment trust and is externally managed by a subsidiary of Ares Management Corporation.
Aclaris Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a pipeline of novel drug candidates to address the needs of patients with immuno-inflammatory diseases who lack satisfactory treatment options. The company has a multi-stage portfolio of drug candidates powered by a robust R&D engine exploring protein kinase regulation.
AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative therapies for use in medically supervised settings. AcelRx's proprietary, non-invasive sublingual formulation technology delivers sufentanil with consistent pharmacokinetic profiles. AcelRx has one approved product in the U.S., DSUVIA ?? (sufentanil sublingual tablet, 30 mcg), known as DZUVEO??? in Europe, indicated for the management of acute pain severe enough to require an opioid analgesic for adult patients in certified medically supervised healthcare settings, and one product candidate, Zalviso ?? (sufentanil sublingual tablet system, SST system, 15 mcg), an investigational product in the U.S., is being developed as an innovatively designed patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) system for reduction of moderate-to-severe acute pain in medically supervised settings. DZUVEO and Zalviso are both approved products in Europe.
Acasti Pharma Inc. (Acasti) is engaged in developing a product portfolio of long-chain omega-3 phospholipids. Acasti is a majority owned subsidiary of Neptune Technologies and Bioressources Inc. (Neptune). The Company has one operating segment: the development and commercialization of pharmaceutical applications of its licensed rights for cardiovascular diseases. The Company's product portfolio includes concentrated phospholipids which functionalize eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Acasti is the producer of anti-dyslipidemic prescription drugs (CaPre), medical foods (Onemia) and over-the-counter (OTC) products (Vectos). During the fiscal year ended February 28, 2011 (fiscal 2011), the Company has completed the development and launched medical food, Onemia.
ArcLight Clean Transition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/2 War)
Founded in 1993, Acacia Research Corporation (ACTG) invests in Intellectual Property Assets and partners with inventors and patent owners to realize the financial value in their patented inventions. Acacia bridges the gap between invention and application, facilitating efficiency and delivering monetary rewards to the patent owner.
ACME UNITED CORPORATION is a leading worldwide supplier of innovative safety solutions and cutting technology to the school, home, office, hardware, sporting goods and industrial markets. Its leading brands include First Aid Only ??, First Aid Central ??, Physicians C are ??, Pac-Kit ??, Spill Magic ??, Westcott ??, Clauss ??, Camillus ??, Cuda ??, and DMT ??.
AeroCentury is an independent global aircraft operating lessor and finance company specializing in leasing regional jet and turboprop aircraft and related engines. The Company's aircraft and engines are leased to regional airlines and commercial users worldwide. Harold M. Lyons Chief Financial Officer (650) 340-1888
Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on the provision of cancer immunotherapy products based on its T-cell receptor platform. Its platform enables to identify cancer targets in the form of peptides, which are short sequences of amino acids; find and genetically engineer T-cell receptors (TCR); and produce TCR therapeutic candidates for administration to patients. The company??s lead product candidate includes NY-ESO, a cancer antigen, which is in Phase I/II clinical trials for the treatment of patients with solid tumors and hematological malignancies, including synovial sarcoma, multiple myeloma, melanoma, ovarian cancer, and esophageal cancer, as well as for non-small cell lung cancer. It is also developing MAGE A-10 TCR that is in preclinical stage for the treatment of breast and lung cancer, and other solid tumors, as well as a TCR therapeutic candidate directed to Alpha Fetoprotein. The company was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Abingdon, the United Kingdom.
Adobe Systems Incorporated (Adobe) is a diversified software company. The Company offers a line of software and services used by professionals, marketers, knowledge workers, application developers, enterprises and consumers for creating, managing, delivering, measuring and engaging with content and experiences across multiple operating systems, devices and media. The Company markets and licenses its software directly to enterprise customers through its sales force and to end users through application stores and its Website at www.adobe.com. Adobe also distributes its products through a network of distributors, value-added resellers (VARs), systems integrators, independent software vendors (ISVs), retailers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). In May 2013, Adobe Systems Inc acquired Ideacodes LLC. In July 2013, Adobe Systems Inc announced the completion of acquisition of privately held Neolane.
Agree Realty Corporation is a publicly traded real estate investment trust primarily engaged in the acquisition and development of properties net leased to industry-leading retail tenants. As of September 30, 2020, the Company owned and operated a portfolio of 1,027 properties, located in 45 states and containing approximately 21.0 million square feet of gross leasable area. The Company's common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "ADC".
ADC Therapeutics SA is a late clinical-stage oncology-focused biotechnology company pioneering the development and commercialization of highly potent and targeted antibody drug conjugates (ADCs) for patients with hematological malignancies and solid tumors. The Company develops ADCs by applying its decades of experience in this field and using next-generation pyrrolobenzodiazepine (PBD) technology to which ADC Therapeutics has proprietary rights for its targets. Strategic target selection for PBD-based ADCs and substantial investment in early clinical development have enabled ADC Therapeutics to build a deep clinical and research pipeline of therapies for the treatment of hematological and solid tumor cancers. The Company has multiple PBD-based ADCs in ongoing clinical trials, ranging from first in human to confirmatory Phase 3 clinical trials, in the USA and Europe, and numerous preclinical ADCs in development. Camidanlumab tesirine (Cami, formerly ADCT-301), the Company?€?s second lead product candidate, is being evaluated in a 100-patient pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma (HL) after having shown in a Phase 1 clinical trial an 86.5% ORR in HL patients at the dose selected for Phase 2. The Company is also evaluating Cami as a novel immuno-oncology approach for the treatment of various advanced solid tumors. ADC Therapeutics is based in Lausanne (Biop??le), Switzerland and has operations in London, the San Francisco Bay Area and New Jersey.
Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. serves as the holding entity for a family of companies that provide emissions solutions to customers in the power generation and other industries. ADA Carbon Solutions, LLC ADA brings together ADA Carbon Solutions, LLC, a leading provider of powder activated carbon ("PAC") and ADA-ES, Inc., the providers of ADA?? M-Prove??? Technology. We provide products and services to control mercury and other contaminants at coal-fired power generators and other industrial companies. Our broad suite of complementary products control contaminants and help our customers meet their compliance objectives consistently and reliably. CarbPure Technologies LLC CarbPure Technologies LLC, (?€?CarbPure?€?), formed in 2015 provides high-quality??PAC??and??granular activated carbon ideally suited for treatment of potable water and wastewater. Our affiliate company, ADA Carbon Solutions, LLC manufactures the products for CarbPure. Tinuum Group, LLC Tinuum Group, LLC (?€?Tinuum Group?€?) is a 42.5% owned joint venture by ADA that provides patented Refined Coal (?€?RC?€?) technologies to enhance combustion of and reduce emissions of NOx and mercury from coal-fired power plants.
Analog Devices is a leading global high-performance analog technology company dedicated to solving the toughest engineering challenges. We enable our customers to interpret the world around us by intelligently bridging the physical and digital with unmatched technologies that sense, measure, power, connect and interpret. Visit http://www.analog.com.
Adial Pharmaceuticals Inc
Adial Pharmaceuticals Inc - Warrants (31/07/2023)
Archer-Daniels-Midland-Company, is engaged in the processing of oilseeds, corn, wheat, cocoa, and other agricultural commodities. The Company manufactures protein meal, vegetable oil, corn sweeteners, flour, biodiesel, ethanol, and other value-added food and feed ingredients. The Company also has a grain elevator and transportation network to procure, store, clean, and transport agricultural commodities, such as oilseeds, corn, wheat, milo, oats, and barley, as well as processed agricultural commodities. Its operations are classified into three business segments: Oilseeds Processing, Corn Processing, and Agricultural Services. In January 2012, the Company acquired three grain elevators in Slovakia from the companies Palma Group a.s. and Polnonakup Hont a.s. In October 2012, the Company acquired 10% interest in GrainCorp Ltd.
ADMA Biologics is an end-to-end commercial biopharmaceutical company dedicated to manufacturing, marketing and developing specialty plasma-derived biologics for the treatment of immunodeficient patients at risk for infection and others at risk for certain infectious diseases. ADMA currently manufactures and markets three United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved plasma-derived biologics for the treatment of immune deficiencies and the prevention of certain infectious diseases: ASCENIV??? (immune globulin intravenous, human ?€? slra 10% liquid) for the treatment of primary humoral immunodeficiency (PI); BIVIGAM?? (immune globulin intravenous, human) for the treatment of PI; and NABI-HB?? (hepatitis B immune globulin, human) to provide enhanced immunity against the hepatitis B virus. ADMA manufactures its immune globulin products at its FDA-licensed plasma fractionation and purification facility located in Boca Raton, Florida. Through its ADMA Bio Centers subsidiary, ADMA also operates as an FDA-approved source plasma collector in the U.S., which provides a portion of its blood plasma for the manufacture of its products. ADMA?€?s mission is to manufacture, market and develop specialty plasma-derived, human immune globulins targeted to niche patient populations for the treatment and prevention of certain infectious diseases and management of immune compromised patient populations who suffer from an underlying immune deficiency, or who may be immune compromised for other medical reasons. ADMA has received U.S. Patents: 9,107,906, 9,714,283, 9,815,886, 9,969,793 and 10,259,865 related to certain aspects of its products and product candidates.
Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation (Adamis), formerly Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.operates through its wholly owned subsidiaries Cellegy Holdings, Inc., Adamis Corporation and Biosyn, Inc. Adamis Corporation has two wholly owned subsidiaries: Adamis Viral Therapies, Inc. (Adamis Viral) and Adamis Laboratories, Inc. (Adamis Labs). Adamis Labs is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on developing and commercializing products in the anti-inflammatory, allergy and respiratory field that are commercialized by the Company. Additional product candidates in its allergy and respiratory product pipeline include a steroid HFA (hydrofluoroalkane) metered dose inhaler product, referred to as APC-1000, for asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD); a generic High-functioning autism (HFA) bronchodilator, referred to as APC-2000; and an HFA pressurized metered dose nasal steroid for the treatment of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis, referred to as APC-3000.
At Adamas our vision is clear ?€? to deliver innovative medicines that reduce the burden of neurological diseases on patients, caregivers and society. We are a fully integrated company focused on growing a portfolio of therapies to address a range of neurological diseases.
Gold Hills Mining Ltd, formerly Ardent Mines Limited, is engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mining properties. On July 2, 2012, the Company announced the commencement of geological exploration work at the Gold Hills project. On August 16, 2012, the Company announced that it contracted Drilrent Ltd., a Brazilian-based company, to commence an exploratory drilling campaign at Gold Hills. The Company announced on October 24, 2011 that Gold Hills Mining Ltda., its wholly owned Brazilian subsidiary closed its acquisition of the mineral rights in an area of 9,000 hectares located in the Carajas Mineral Province, State of Para. The Company refers to this property as Serra do Sereno, or Misty Hills. The Serra dos Carajas Mineral Province is a geologic dominium hosting Brazil's iron, copper and gold deposits.
Edoc Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Class A 1 Right & 1 War)
Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (ADP) is a provider of business outsourcing solutions. ADP offers a wide range of human resource, payroll, tax and benefits administration solutions from a single source. ADP is also a provider of integrated computing solutions to auto, truck, motorcycle, marine, recreational vehicle, and heavy equipment dealers throughout the world. The Company's operating segments include: Employer Services, professional employer organization (PEO) Services, and Dealer Services. In October 2011, the Company acquired WALLACE - The Training Tax Credit Company. In January 2012, the Company acquired Indian payroll business of Randstad Holding NV. In April 2012, it acquired the human resource solutions subsidiary of SHPS, Inc. In June 2013, Automatic Data Processing, Inc. announced that it has acquired Payroll S.A.
Adaptive Biotechnologies Corp
Alliance Data ?? is a leading provider of data-driven marketing, loyalty and payment solutions serving large, consumer-based industries. The Company creates and deploys customized solutions that measurably change consumer behavior while driving business growth and profitability for some of today's most recognizable brands. Alliance Data helps its partners create and increase customer loyalty across multiple touch points using traditional, digital, mobile and emerging technologies. A FORTUNE 500 and S&P MidCap 400 company headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, Alliance Data consists of businesses that together employ over 8,500 associates at more than 50 locations worldwide. Alliance Data's Card Services business is a provider of market-leading private label, co-brand, and business credit card programs. LoyaltyOne ?? owns and operates the AIR MILES ?? Reward Program, Canada's most recognized loyalty program, and Netherlands -based BrandLoyalty, a global provider of tailor-made loyalty programs for grocers.
Autodesk makes software for people who make things. If you've ever driven a high-performance car, admired a towering skyscraper, used a smartphone, or watched a great film, chances are you've experienced what millions of Autodesk customers are doing with our software. Autodesk gives you the power to make anything.
ADT is a leading provider of security, automation, and smart home solutions serving consumer and business customers through more than 300 locations, 9 owned and operated monitoring centers, and the largest network of security professionals in the United States. The company offers many ways to help protect customers by delivering lifestyle-driven solutions via professionally installed, do-it-yourself, mobile, and digital-based offerings for residential, small business, and larger commercial customers.
ADTRAN, Inc. is a leading global provider of open, disaggregated networking and communications solutions that enable voice, data, video and internet communications across any network infrastructure. From the cloud edge to the subscriber edge, ADTRAN empowers communications service providers around the world to manage and scale services that connect people, places and things. ADTRAN solutions are currently in use by service providers, private enterprises, government organizations and millions of individual users worldwide. Find more at ADTRAN, LinkedIn and Twitter.
ADiTx Therapeutics Inc
Addus HomeCare Corporation is a provider of home and community based services, which are primarily social in nature and are provided in the home, focused on the dual eligible population. Its services include personal care and assistance with activities of daily living, and adult day care. Its consumers are individuals with special needs who are at risk of hospitalization or institutionalization, such as the elderly, chronically ill and disabled. Its payor clients include federal, state and local governmental agencies, commercial insurers and private individuals. The Company provides home and community based services through over 96 locations across 19 states to over 25,000 consumers. Effective as of December 1, 2013, the Company announced that it has completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Coordinated Home Health Care, LLC and certain of its subsidiaries.



Addex Therapeutics Ltd ADS
Advaxis, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of proprietary Lm-based antigen delivery products. These immunotherapies are based on a platform technology that utilizes live attenuated Listeria monocytogenes (Lm) bioengineered to secrete antigen/adjuvant fusion proteins. These Lm-based strains are believed to be a significant advancement in immunotherapy as they integrate multiple functions into a single immunotherapy and are designed to access and direct antigen presenting cells to stimulate anti-tumor T cell immunity, activate the immune system with the equivalent of multiple adjuvants, and simultaneously reduce tumor protection in the tumor microenvironment to enable T cells to eliminate tumors.
Adams Resources & Energy, Inc. (ARE), along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in the business of marketing crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products, tank truck transportation of liquid chemicals, and oil and gas exploration and production. The Company's segments include: Marketing Segment Subsidiaries, Transportation Segment Subsidiary and Oil and Gas Segment Subsidiary.
No Description Available
Ameren Illinois delivers energy to 1.2 million electric and 800,000 natural gas customers in Illinois. Our mission is to power the quality of life. Our service territory covers more than 1,200 communities and 43,700 square miles.
Aegon Funding Company LLC 5.10 Sub Notes 12152049
Aegon N.V. provides life insurance, pensions, and asset management services. The company operates through the Americas, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and New Markets. The company offers life and protection products, such as traditional and universal life, endowment, term, and whole life insurance products; and supplemental health, accidental death and dismemberment insurance, critical illness, cancer treatment, credit/disability, income protection, travel, and long-term care insurance. The company also provides individual savings and retirement products, including variable annuity products and retail mutual funds, as well as fixed annuity products; employer solutions and pensions comprising 401(k)-type plans and stable value solutions, and individual and group pensions sponsored by or obtained through an employer; and mortgages, annuity products, and saving deposits. In addition, it offers general insurance products consisting of automotive, liability, disability, household insurance, and fire protection. The company markets its products through various sales and distribution channels, including affinity groups, banks, benefit consulting firms, direct to consumer, independent and career agents, independent marketing organizations, institutional partners, regional and independent broker-dealers, registered representatives, third party administrators, wirehouses, worksites, the Internet, mutual fund dealers, independent managing general agencies, and financial planners. It has operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Brazil; the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Turkey, Ukraine, Spain, Portugal, and France; and Asia. Aegon N.V. was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in The Hague, the Netherlands.
Aegion combines innovative technologies with market-leading expertise to maintain, rehabilitate and strengthen infrastructure around the world. For nearly 50 years, the Company has played a pioneering role in finding innovative solutions to rehabilitate aging infrastructure, primarily pipelines in the wastewater, water, energy, mining and refining industries. Aegion also maintains the efficient operation of refineries and other industrial facilities. Aegion is committed to Stronger. Safer. Infrastructure.
China Ceramics Co., Ltd. (China Ceramics) is a manufacturer of ceramic tiles. These ceramic tiles are used for exterior siding and for interior flooring and design in residential and commercial buildings. The ceramic tiles, sold under the Hengda (HD), Hengdeli (HDL), TOERTO and WULIQIAO brands are available in over two thousand styles, colors and size combinations. China Ceramics has six principal product categories: porcelain tiles, glazed tiles, glazed porcelain tiles, rustic tiles, ultra-thin tiles and polished glazed tiles. Porcelain tiles are the Company's major products and accounted for over 68.4% % of its total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2012. Ceramic tiles are used in the People's Republic of China (PRC) as a construction material for residential and commercial buildings. Ceramic tiles are used for flooring, interior walls for decorative purposes and on exterior siding.
Headquartered in Fremont, California, Aehr Test Systems is a worldwide provider of test systems for burning-in and testing logic, optical and memory integrated circuits and has installed over 2,500 systems worldwide. Increased quality and reliability needs of the Automotive and Mobility integrated circuit markets are driving additional test requirements, incremental capacity needs, and new opportunities for Aehr Test products in package, wafer level, and singulated die/module level test. Aehr Test has developed and introduced several innovative products, including the ABTS TM and FOX-P TM families of test and burn-in systems and FOX WaferPak TM Aligner, FOX-XP WaferPak Contactor, FOX DiePak ?? Carrier and FOX DiePak Loader. The ABTS system is used in production and qualification testing of packaged parts for both lower power and higher power logic devices as well as all common types of memory devices. The FOX-XP and FOX-NP systems are full wafer contact and singulated die/module test and burn-in systems used for burn-in and functional test of complex devices, such as leading-edge memories, digital signal processors, microprocessors, microcontrollers, systems-on-a-chip, and integrated optical devices. The FOX-CP system is a new low-cost single-wafer compact test and reliability verification solution for logic, memory and photonic devices and the newest addition to the FOX-P product family. The WaferPak contactor contains a unique full wafer probe card capable of testing wafers up to 300mm that enables IC manufacturers to perform test and burn-in of full wafers on Aehr Test FOX systems. The DiePak Carrier is a reusable, temporary package that enables IC manufacturers to perform cost-effective final test and burn-in of both bare die and modules.
Advanced Energy is a global leader in the design and manufacturing of highly engineered, precision power conversion, measurement and control solutions for mission-critical applications and processes. AE?€?s power solutions enable customer innovation in complex applications for a wide range of industries including semiconductor equipment, industrial, manufacturing, telecommunications, data center computing and healthcare. With engineering know-how and responsive service and support around the globe, the company builds collaborative partnerships to meet technology advances, propel growth for its customers and innovate the future of power. Advanced Energy has devoted more than three decades to perfecting power for its global customers and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado, USA.
American Equity Investment Life Holding Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, is a leading issuer of fixed index annuities through independent agents, banks and broker-dealers. American Equity Investment Life Holding Company, a New York Stock Exchange listed company, is headquartered in West Des Moines, Iowa.
American Equity Investment Life Holding Company Dep Shs Repstg 11000th Int Sh Fxd Rate Non Cum Pfd Ser B
Agnico Eagle is a senior Canadian gold mining company that has produced precious metals since 1957. Its operating mines are located in Canada, Finland and Mexico, with exploration and development activities in each of these countries as well as in the United States, Sweden and Colombia. The Company and its shareholders have full exposure to gold prices due to its long-standing policy of no forward gold sales. Agnico Eagle has declared a cash dividend every year since 1983. Note Regarding Certain Measures of Performance This news release discloses certain measures, including "total cash costs per ounce", "all-in sustaining costs per ounce", "minesite costs per tonne", "adjusted net income", "operating margin" and "free cash flow" that are not standardized measures under IFRS. These measures may not be comparable to similar measures reported by other gold mining companies. For a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable financial information reported in the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS, other than adjusted net income and free cash flow, see "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures" below. The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced is reported on both a by-product basis (deducting by-product metal revenues from production costs) and co-product basis (without deducting by-product metal revenues). The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis is calculated by adjusting production costs as recorded in the consolidated statements of income (loss) for by-product revenues, inventory production costs, smelting, refining and marketing charges and other adjustments, and then dividing by the number of ounces of gold produced. The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a co-product basis is calculated in the same manner as the total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis, except that no adjustment is made for by-product metal revenues. Accordingly, the calculation of total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a co-product basis does not reflect a reduction in production costs or smelting, refining and marketing charges associated with the production and sale of by-product metals. The total cash costs per ounce of gold produced is intended to provide information about the cash-generating capabilities of the Company's mining operations. Management also uses this measure to monitor the performance of the Company's mining operations. As market prices for gold are quoted on a per ounce basis, using the total cash costs per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis measure allows management to assess a mine's cash-generating capabilities at various gold prices. AISC per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis are calculated as the aggregate of total cash costs on a by-product basis, sustaining capital expenditures (including capitalized exploration), general and administrative expenses (including stock options), lease payments related to sustaining assets and reclamation expenses, and then dividing by the number of ounces of gold produced. The AISC per ounce of gold produced on a co-product basis is calculated in the same manner as the AISC per ounce of gold produced on a by-product basis, except that the total cash costs on a co-product basis are used, meaning no adjustment is made for by-product metal revenues. AISC per ounce is used to show the full cost of gold production from current operations. Management is aware that these per ounce measures of performance can be affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and, in the case of total cash costs per ounce and AISC of gold produced on a by-product basis, by-product metal prices. Management compensates for these inherent limitations by using these measures in conjunction with minesite costs per tonne (discussed below) as well as other data prepared in accordance with IFRS. The World Gold Council ("WGC") is a non-regulatory market development organization for the gold industry. Although the WGC is not a mining industry regulatory organization, it has worked closely with its member companies to develop relevant non-GAAP measures. The Company follows the guidance on all-in sustaining costs released by the WGC in November 2018. Adoption of the AISC metric is voluntary and, notwithstanding the Company's adoption of the WGC's guidance, AISC per ounce of gold produced reported by the Company may not be comparable to data reported by other gold mining companies. The Company believes that this measure provides helpful information about operating performance. However, this non-GAAP measure should be considered together with other data prepared in accordance with IFRS as it is not necessarily indicative of operating costs or cash flow measures prepared in accordance with IFRS. Minesite costs per tonne are calculated by adjusting production costs as recorded in the consolidated statements of income (loss) for inventory production costs and other adjustments, and then dividing by tonnage of ore processed. As the total cash costs per ounce of gold produced can be affected by fluctuations in by?€?product metal prices and foreign exchange rates, management believes that minesite costs per tonne provide additional information regarding the performance of mining operations, eliminating the impact of varying production levels. Management also uses this measure to determine the economic viability of mining blocks. As each mining block is evaluated based on the net realizable value of each tonne mined, in order to be economically viable the estimated revenue on a per tonne basis must be in excess of the minesite costs per tonne. Management is aware that this per tonne measure of performance can be impacted by fluctuations in processing levels and compensates for this inherent limitation by using this measure in conjunction with production costs prepared in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted net income is calculated by adjusting the net income as recorded in the consolidated statements of income (loss) for non-recurring, unusual and other items. Management uses adjusted net income to evaluate the underlying operating performance of the Company and to assist with the planning and forecasting of future operating results. Management believes that adjusted net income is a useful measure of performance because foreign currency translation gains and losses, mark-to-market adjustments, non-recurring gains and losses and unrealized gains and losses on financial instruments do not reflect the underlying operating performance of the Company and may not be indicative of future operating results. Operating margin is not a recognized measure under IFRS and this data may not be comparable to data presented by other gold producers. This measure is calculated by excluding the following from net income as recorded in the condensed interim consolidated financial statements: Income and mining taxes expense; Other expenses (income); Foreign currency translation loss (gain); Gain (loss) on derivative financial instruments; Finance costs; General and administrative expenses; Amortization of property, plant and mine development; Exploration and corporate development expenses; and Impairment losses (reversals). The Company believes that operating margin is a useful measure that represents the operating performance of its mines associated with the ongoing production and sale of gold and by-product metals. Management uses this measure internally to plan and forecast future operating results. This measure is intended to provide investors with additional information about the Company's underlying operating results and should be evaluated in conjunction with other data prepared in accordance with IFRS. Free cash flow is calculated by deducting additions to property, plant and mine development from cash provided by operating activities including changes in non-cash working capital balances. Management uses free cash flow to assess the availability of cash, after funding operations and capital expenditures, to operate the business without additional borrowing or drawing down on the Company's existing cash balance. Management also performs sensitivity analyses in order to quantify the effects of fluctuating foreign exchange rates and metal prices. This news release also contains information as to estimated future total cash costs per ounce and AISC per ounce. The estimates are based upon the total cash costs per ounce and all-in sustaining costs per ounce that the Company expects to incur to mine gold at its mines and projects and, consistent with the reconciliation of these actual costs referred to above, do not include production costs attributable to accretion expense and other asset retirement costs, which will vary over time as each project is developed and mined. It is therefore not practicable to reconcile these forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable IFRS measure.
Aethlon Medical, Inc. is focused on addressing unmet needs in global health. The Aethlon Hemopurifier is a clinical-stage device designed to combat cancer and life-threatening viral infections. In preclinical studies in cancer, the Hemopurifier depletes the presence of circulating tumor-derived exosomes that are believed to promote immune suppression. These tumor derived exosomes also appear to seed the spread of metastases and therefore may inhibit the benefit of leading cancer therapies. The Hemopurifier?? is an FDA designated "Breakthrough Device" related to the treatment of individuals with advanced or metastatic cancer who are either unresponsive to or intolerant of standard of care therapy, and with cancer types in which exosomes have been shown to participate in the development or severity of the disease cancer. The FDA has approved an Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) application to initiate an Early Feasibility Study (EFS) of the Hemopurifier ?? in patients with head and neck cancer in combination with standard of care pembrolizumab (Keytruda). The Hemopurifier also is an FDA designated "Breakthrough Device" related to life-threatening viruses that are not addressed with approved therapies. The FDA also has approved a supplement to the Company's existing IDE to allow for the testing of the Hemopurifier ?? in patients with SARS-CoV-2/COVID-19 in a new feasibility study. Aethlon also owns 80% of Exosome Sciences, Inc., which is focused on the discovery of exosomal biomarkers to diagnose and monitor cancer and neurological disease progression.
No Description Available
American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. is a leading global specialty retailer offering high-quality, on-trend clothing, accessories and personal care products at affordable prices under its American Eagle?? and Aerie?? brands. Our purpose is to show the world that there?€?s REAL power in the optimism of youth. The company operates stores in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Hong Kong, and ships to 81 countries worldwide through its websites. American Eagle and Aerie merchandise also is available at more than 200 international locations operated by licensees in 25 countries.
American Electric Power, based in Columbus, Ohio, is focused on building a smarter energy infrastructure and delivering new technologies and custom energy solutions to its customers. AEP operates and maintains the nation's largest electricity transmission system and more than 219,000 miles of distribution lines to efficiently deliver safe, reliable power to nearly 5.4 million regulated customers in 11 states. AEP also is one of the nation's largest electricity producers with approximately 32,000 megawatts of diverse generating capacity, including about 5,200 megawatts of renewable energy.

American Electric Power Company Inc
AerCap is the global leader in aircraft leasing. AerCap serves approximately 200 customers in approximately 80 countries with comprehensive fleet solutions. AerCap is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (AER) and has its headquarters in Dublin with offices in Shannon, Los Angeles, Singapore, Amsterdam, Shanghai, Abu Dhabi, Seattle and Toulouse.
Aerie is an ophthalmic pharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of first-in-class therapies for the treatment of patients with open-angle glaucoma, ocular surface diseases and retinal diseases. Aerie?€?s first product, Rhopressa ?? (netarsudil ophthalmic solution) 0.02%, a once-daily eye drop approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension, was launched in the United States in April 2018. In clinical trials of Rhopressa ??, the most common adverse reactions were conjunctival hyperemia, corneal verticillata, instillation site pain, and conjunctival hemorrhage.
The AES Corporation is a Fortune 500 global power company. We provide affordable, sustainable energy to 14 countries through our diverse portfolio of distribution businesses as well as thermal and renewable generation facilities. Our workforce is committed to operational excellence and meeting the world's changing power needs. Our 2019 revenues were $10 billion, and we own and manage $34 billion in total assets.
Black Ridge Acquisition Corp - Ordinary Shares
ADDvantage Technologies Group, Inc. is a communications infrastructure services and equipment provider operating a diversified group of companies through its Wireless Infrastructure Services and Telecommunications segments. Through its Wireless segment, Fulton Technologies provides turn-key wireless infrastructure services including the installation, modification and upgrading of equipment on communication towers and small cell sites for wireless carriers, national integrators, tower owners and major equipment manufacturers. Through its Telecommunications segment, Nave Communications and Triton Datacom sell equipment and hardware used to acquire, distribute, and protect the communications signals carried on fiber optic, coaxial cable and wireless distribution systems. The Telecommunications segment also offers repair services focused on telecommunication equipment and recycling surplus and related obsolete telecommunications equipment. ADDvantage operates through its subsidiaries, Fulton Technologies, Nave Communications, and Triton Datacom.
AudioEye is an industry-leading digital accessibility platform delivering trusted ADA and WCAG accessibility compliance at scale. Through patented technology, subject matter expertise and proprietary processes, AudioEye is eradicating all barriers to digital access, helping creators get accessible and supporting them with ongoing advisory and automated upkeep. Trusted by the FCC, ADP, SSA, Samsung, and more, AudioEye helps everyone identify and resolve issues of accessibility and enhance user experiences, automating digital accessibility for the widest audiences. AudioEye stands out among its competitors because it delivers human-in-the-loop machine learning accessibility remediations without fundamental changes to website architecture, as well as, source code audits, browser-based tools, and continuous accessibility monitoring. Join our movement at www.audioeye.com. About Neil Patel Digital NP Digital is a marketing agency built and run by marketers, not bankers. That independence sets us apart and allows us to serve our clients with speed, efficiency and creativity. Applying a holistic vision with specialist execution, the NP Digital team is driven to deliver the right content in the right context at scale. Our expertise in organic search optimization, content marketing, paid search, programmatic advertising, social media marketing, strategy, and data and analytics has led to valuable, lasting partnerships with some of the world's most important brands.
Aeterna Zentaris Inc. is a specialty biopharmaceutical company commercializing and developing therapeutics and diagnostic tests. The Company?€?s lead product, macimorelin, is the first and only U.S. FDA and European Commission approved oral test indicated for the diagnosis of adult growth hormone deficiency (AGHD). Macimorelin is currently marketed in the United States under the tradename Macrilen??? through a License Agreement with Novo Nordisk where Aeterna Zentaris receives royalties on sales. Aeterna Zentaris owns all rights to macimorelin outside of the U.S. and Canada. Aeterna Zentaris is also leveraging the clinical success and compelling safety profile of macimorelin to develop it for the diagnosis of childhood-onset growth hormone deficiency (CGHD), an area of significant unmet need. The Company is actively pursuing business development opportunities for the commercialization of macimorelin in Europe and the rest of the world, in addition to other non-strategic assets to monetize their value.
As of April 1, 2010, Allied Capital Corporation was acquired by Ares Capital Corporation. Allied Capital Corporation is a private equity firm specializing in investments in small and middle market companies. The firm generally invests in mature, buyouts, acquisitions, recapitalizations, note purchases, mezzanine, growth capital and middle market equity, and debt investments. It provides debt financing in the form of first lien senior loans; junior debt including second lien loans, subordinated debt, and mezzanine debt; and unitranche loans. The firm prefers to invest in business services, financial services, consumer products, healthcare services, energy services, industrial products, retail, and consumer services sectors. It seeks to invest in private companies based in the United States. The firm seeks to invest between $10 million and $150 million in debt transactions. It provides equity capital, typically in conjunction with a debt investment for management buyouts of companies with enterprise value between $50 million and $500 million. The firm seeks control and non-control equity stakes in the portfolio companies. Allied Capital Corporation was founded in 1958 and is based in Washington, District of Colombia with additional offices in New York, New York and Chicago, Illinois.
American Financial Group is an insurance holding company, based in Cincinnati, Ohio with assets of approximately $70 billion as of June 30, 2020. Through the operations of Great American Insurance Group, AFG is engaged primarily in property and casualty insurance, focusing on specialized commercial products for businesses, and in the sale of traditional fixed and indexed annuities in the retail, financial institutions, broker-dealer, and registered investment advisor markets. Great American Insurance Group?€?s roots go back to 1872 with the founding of its flagship company, Great American Insurance Company.
American Financial Group Inc 5875 Subordinated Debentures due 2059
American Financial Group 5.125% Sub Deb due 2059
American Financial Group Inc. 5.625 Subordinated Debentures due 2060
American Financial Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides property and casualty insurance products in the United States. It offers property and transportation insurance, which includes physical damage and liability coverage for buses, trucks and recreational vehicles, inland and ocean marine, agricultural-related products, and other property coverages; specialty casualty insurance, including primarily excess and surplus, general liability, executive liability, umbrella and excess liability, and customized programs for small to mid-sized businesses; and specialty financial insurance products comprising risk management insurance programs for leasing and financing institutions, surety and fidelity products, and trade credit insurance. The company sells its property and casualty insurance products through independent insurance agents; and brokers, as well as employee agents. It also provides traditional fixed and fixed-indexed annuities to the retail, financial institutions, and education markets; and workers' compensation solutions under the Summit brand name in Florida, Louisiana, and Kentucky, as well as engages in the commercial real estate operations. American Financial Group, Inc. was founded in 1872 and is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Acutus Medical is an arrhythmia management company focused on improving the way cardiac arrhythmias are diagnosed and treated. Acutus is committed to advancing the field of electrophysiology with a unique array of products and technologies which will enable more physicians to treat more patients more efficiently and effectively. Through internal product development, acquisitions, and global partnerships, Acutus has established a global sales presence delivering a broad portfolio of highly differentiated electrophysiology products. Acutus Medical?€?s goal is to provide its customers with a complete solution for catheter-based treatment of cardiac arrhythmias in each of its geographic markets. Founded in 2011, Acutus is based in Carlsbad, California.
American Finance Trust Inc
American Finance Trust Inc Pfd Ser A
Aflac Incorporated is a Fortune 500 company, helping provide protection to more than 50 million people through its subsidiaries in??Japan??and the U.S., where it is a leading supplemental insurer by paying cash fast when policyholders get sick or injured. For more than six decades, insurance policies of Aflac Incorporated's subsidiaries have given policyholders the opportunity to focus on recovery, not financial stress. Aflac Life Insurance Japan is the leading provider of medical and cancer insurance in??Japan, where it insures 1 in 4 households. Fortune magazine recognized Aflac as one of the 100 Best Companies to Work for in America for 20 consecutive years. For 14 consecutive years, Aflac has been recognized by Ethisphere as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies. In 2020, Fortune included Aflac Incorporated on its list of World's Most Admired Companies for the 19th time, and Bloomberg added Aflac Incorporated to its Gender-Equality Index, which tracks the financial performance of public companies committed to supporting gender equality through policy development, representation and transparency. To learn how to get help with expenses health insurance doesn't cover, get to know us at Aflac.com. Aflac | Aflac New York | WWHQ | 1932 Wynnton Road |??Columbus, GA??31999.
Affimed is a clinical-stage immuno-oncology company committed to giving patients back their innate ability to fight cancer. Affimed?€?s fit-for-purpose ROCK?? platform allows innate cell engagers to be designed for specific patient populations. The company is developing single and combination therapies to treat hematologic and solid tumors. The company is currently enrolling patients into a registration-directed study of AFM13 for CD30-positive relapsed/refractory peripheral T cell lymphoma and into a Phase 1/2a dose escalation/expansion study of AFM24 for the treatment of advanced EGFR-expressing solid tumors.
Afya Ltd Class A
First Majestic Silver Corp. engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of mineral properties with a focus on silver projects in Mexico. The company owns and operates five producing mines, including the La Encantada silver mine in Coahuila State, the La Parrilla silver mine in Durango State, the Del Toro silver mine in Zacatecas State, the San Martin silver mine in Jalisco State, and the La Guitarra silver mine in Mexico State. It also holds interests in the La Luz silver project located in in San Luis Potosi State; the Plomosas silver project located in Sinaloa State; and the Jalisco group of properties located in the Etzatlan mining district in Jalisco, Mexico. The company was formerly known as First Majestic Resource Corp. and changed its name to First Majestic Silver Corp. in November 2006. First Majestic Silver Corp. was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.

AGBA Acquisition Limited Right
Agba Acquisition Ltd Unit 1 Ordinary share 1 Wrt & 1 Rts
AGBA Acquisition Limited Warrant
AGCO Corporation (AGCO) is a manufacturer and distributor of agricultural equipment and related replacement parts globally. The Company sells a range of agricultural equipment, including tractors, combines, self-propelled sprayers, hay tools, forage equipment and implements. It also manufactures and distributes grain storage and handling equipment systems, as well as protein production systems. Its products are recognized in the agricultural equipment industry and are marketed under a range of brands, including Challenger, Fendt, Massey Ferguson and Valtra. The Company distributes its products through a combination of approximately 3,100 independent dealers and distributors in more than 140 countries. In September 2013, Grain Systems, Inc. (GSI), a global brand of the Company announced that it has purchased Johnson System Inc. (JSI), manufacturer of catwalks, towers and support structures based in Marshall, Michigan.
Altimeter Growth Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/4 War)
EDWARDS A G INC
Agenus is a clinical-stage immuno-oncology company focused on the discovery and development of therapies that engage the body's immune system to fight cancer. The Company's vision is to expand the patient populations benefiting from cancer immunotherapy by pursuing combination approaches that leverage a broad repertoire of antibody therapeutics, adoptive cell therapies (through its AgenTus Therapeutics subsidiary), and proprietary cancer vaccine platforms. The Company is equipped with a suite of antibody discovery platforms and a state-of-the-art GMP manufacturing facility with the capacity to support clinical programs. Agenus is headquartered in??Lexington, MA.
AgroFresh is a leading global innovator and provider of science-based solutions, data-driven technologies and experience-backed services to enhance the quality and extend the shelf life of fresh produce. For more than 20 years, AgroFresh has been revolutionizing the apple industry and has launched new innovative solutions in a variety of fresh produce categories from bananas to cherries and citrus to pears. AgroFresh supports growers, packers and retailers by providing post-harvest solutions across the industry to enhance crop values while conserving our planet's resources and reducing global food waste.
Alamos Gold Inc. is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and extraction of precious metals in Mexico and Turkey. It owns and operates the Mulatos mine (Mulatos or the Mine) and holds the mineral rights to the Salamandra group of concessions in the State of Sonora, Mexico. The Mulatos mine is approximately 220 kilometers by air east of the City of Hermosillo. In addition, the Company owns the Agi Dagi and Kirazli advanced-stage gold development projects located in the Biga Peninsula of northwestern Turkey. Agi Dagi is located about 50 kilometers southeast of Canakkale, and Kirazli is located approximately 25 kilometers northwest of Agi Dagi. In January 2013, it acquired 14.3% interest of Aurizon Mines Ltd. (Aurizon). In August 2013, the Company acquired Esperanza Resources Corp. In September 2013, the Company announced that it has completed the acquisition of Orsa Ventures Corp.
Agios is focused on discovering and developing novel investigational medicines to treat malignant hematology, solid tumors and rare genetic diseases through scientific leadership in the field of cellular metabolism. In addition to an active research and discovery pipeline across these three therapeutic areas, Agios has two approved oncology precision medicines and multiple first-in-class investigational therapies in clinical and/or preclinical development.
Aeglea BioTherapeutics is a clinical-stage biotechnology company redefining the potential of human enzyme therapeutics to benefit people with rare and other high burden diseases. Aeglea's lead product candidate, pegzilarginase, is in a pivotal Phase 3 trial for the treatment of Arginase 1 Deficiency and has received both Rare Pediatric Disease and Breakthrough Therapy Designations. The Company initiated a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of ACN00177 for the treatment of Homocystinuria in the second quarter of 2020. Aeglea has an active discovery platform, with the most advanced program for Cystinuria.
The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (Farmer Mac) is a stockholder-owned, federally chartered corporation that combines private capital and public sponsorship to serve a public purpose. Farmer Mac was created to establish a secondary market for agricultural real estate and rural housing mortgage loans. This secondary market was designed to increase the availability of long-term credit at stable interest rates to America's rural communities, farmers, ranchers and rural homeowners and to provide those borrowers with the benefits of capital markets pricing and product innovation. It conducts these activities through three programs: Farmer Mac I, Farmer Mac II and Rural Utilities. As of December 31, 2011, the total outstanding amount of the eligible loans included in all of Farmer Mac's programs was $11.9 billion. The loans eligible for the Farmer Mac secondary market include mortgage loans secured by liens on agricultural real estate and rural housing.
Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation provides a secondary market for various loans made to borrowers in the United States. It operates through four segments: Farm & Ranch, USDA Guarantees, Rural Utilities, and Institutional Credit. The Farm & Ranch segment purchases and retains eligible mortgage loans that are secured by first liens on agricultural real estate; securitizes eligible mortgage loans, and guarantees the timely payment of principal and interest on securities representing interests in or obligations secured by pools of eligible mortgage loans; and provides long-term standby purchase commitments to acquire designated eligible mortgage loans. The USDA Guarantees segment purchases portions of certain agricultural, rural development, business and industry, and community facilities loans guaranteed by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). The Rural Utilities segment purchases and guarantees securities that are backed by eligible rural utilities loans. The Institutional Credit segment purchases or guarantees general obligations of lenders that are secured by pools of the types of loans eligible for purchase under Farm & Ranch, USDA Guarantees, or Rural Utilities lines of business. The company also provides advances against eligible mortgage loans by purchasing obligations secured by those loans. Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation was founded in 1987 and is based in Washington, District of Columbia.
Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Preferred Series C Fixed to Fltg
Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp Pfd Ser D

AGM Group Holdings Inc - Ordinary Shares - Class A
American Capital Agency Corp. operates as a real estate investment trust (REIT) in the United States. The company invests in residential mortgage pass-through securities and collateralized mortgage obligations for which the principal and interest payments are guaranteed by government-sponsored enterprise or by the United States government agency. It funds its investments primarily through short-term borrowings structured as repurchase agreements. The company has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and would not be subject to federal corporate income taxes, if it distributes at least 90% of its taxable income to its stockholders. American Capital Agency Corp. was founded in 2008 and is based in Bethesda, Maryland.
AGNC Investment Corp Cum Red Pfd Ser D Fixed To Fltg Rate
AGNC Investment Corp. Depositary Shares Each Representing a 1/1000th Interest in a Share of 7.00% Series C Fixed-To-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferre


Assured Guaranty helps provide funding for public projects such as the construction of hospitals, schools, roads and bridges in Puerto Rico and in cities and communities across America with the goal of helping municipal governments gain access to funding for essential public projects at affordable interest rates. Assured Guaranty Ltd. is a publicly traded Bermuda-based holding company. Its insurance subsidiaries provide credit enhancement products to the U.S. and international public finance, infrastructure and structured finance markets.
Assured Guaranty Ltd.
Assured Guaranty Ltd.
Assured Guaranty Ltd.
AGERE SYSTEMS INC
Adecoagro is a leading agricultural company in South America. Adecoagro owns over 247 thousand hectares of farmland and several industrial facilities spread across the most productive regions of Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay, where it produces over 1.9 million tons of agricultural products including sugar, ethanol, bio-electricity, milled rice, corn, wheat, soybean and dairy products, among others. SOURCE Adecoagro S.A. Related Links http://ir.adecoagro.com
Agile Therapeutics??is a women's healthcare company dedicated to fulfilling the unmet health needs of today?€?s women. Our product candidates are designed to provide women with contraceptive options that offer freedom from taking a daily pill, without committing to a longer-acting method. Our initial product, Twirla??, (levonorgestrel and ethinyl estradiol) transdermal system is a non-daily prescription contraceptive. Twirla is based on our proprietary transdermal patch technology, called Skinfusion??, which is designed to allow drug delivery through the skin.
SAGA SYSTEMS INC
Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation, a clinical-stage biotechnology company, develops gene therapy products for inherited orphan ophthalmology diseases in the United States. The company??s lead product candidates in the preclinical stage comprise treatments for X-linked retinoschisis, Congenital Achromatopsia, and X-linked retinitis pigmentosa, which are diseases of the eye caused by mutations in single genes. It also has completed preclinical proof-of-concept studies, and Phase I and Phase II clinical trials of a treatment for alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, an inherited orphan lung disease. In addition, the company has proof-of-concept programs for other eye diseases, such as leber congenital amaurosis (type 2), and wet form of age-related macular degeneration. It has strategic collaboration agreements with SAFC Pharma; and 4D Molecular Therapeutics. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Alachua, Florida.
Argan?€?s primary business is providing a full range of services to the power industry, including the renewable energy sector. Argan?€?s service offerings focus on the engineering, procurement and construction of natural gas-fired power plants, along with related commissioning, operations management, maintenance, project development and consulting services, through its Gemma Power Systems and Atlantic Projects Company operations. Argan also owns The Roberts Company, which is a fully integrated fabrication, construction and industrial plant services company, and SMC Infrastructure Solutions, which provides telecommunications infrastructure services.
Agilysys has been a leader in hospitality software for more than 40 years, delivering innovative guest-centric technology solutions for gaming, hotels, resorts and cruise, corporate foodservice management, restaurants, universities, stadia and healthcare. Agilysys offers the most comprehensive software solutions in the industry, including point-of-sale (POS), property management (PMS), inventory and procurement, payments, and related applications, to manage the entire guest journey. Agilysys is known for its leadership in hospitality, its broad product offerings and its customer-centric service. Some of the largest hospitality companies around the world use Agilysys solutions to help improve guest loyalty, drive revenue growth and increase operational efficiencies.
Alpha Healthcare Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/2 War)
A. H. Belo Corporation is the leading local news and information publishing company in Texas. The Company has commercial printing, distribution and direct mail capabilities, as well as a presence in emerging media and digital marketing. While focusing on extending the Company?€?s media platforms, A. H. Belo delivers news and information in innovative ways to a broad range of audiences with diverse interests and lifestyles.
DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp
Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc. is a vertically-integrated, self-managed real estate investment trust ("REIT") with four decades of experience developing, building, acquiring, and managing high-quality, institutional-grade office, retail, and multifamily properties located primarily in the Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern United States. In addition to developing and building properties for its own account, the Company also provides development and general contracting construction services to third-party clients. Founded in 1979 by Daniel A. Hoffler, the Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Armada Hoffler Properties
Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited 5.95% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preference Shares
Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited 5.625% Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preference Shares
Allied Healthcare Products, Inc., (Allied) manufactures a range of respiratory products used in the health care and alternate site settings, including sub-acute care facilities, home health care and emergency medical care. Allied's product lines include respiratory care products, medical gas equipment and emergency medical products. Allied's products are marketed under brand names to hospitals, hospital equipment dealers, hospital construction contractors, home health care dealers, emergency medical products dealers and others. Allied's product lines include respiratory care products, which include respiratory care/anesthesia products and home respiratory care products; medical gas equipment, which include medical gas system construction products, medical gas system regulation devices, disposable oxygen and specialty gas cylinders and portable suction equipment, and emergency medical products, which include respiratory/resuscitation products and trauma and patient handling products.
Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc., (Ashford) together with its subsidiaries, is a self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT) focused on investing in the hospitality industry. The Company owns its lodging investments and conducts its business through Ashford Hospitality Limited Partnership, its operating partnership. Ashford OP General Partner LLC, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, serves as the sole general partner of its operating partnership. It operates in two business segments within the hotel lodging industry: direct hotel investments and hotel financing. Direct hotel investments include owning hotels through either acquisition or new development. Hotel financing includes owning subordinate hotel-related mortgages through acquisition or origination. In November 2013, Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc completed the spin-off of Ashford Hospitality Prime, Inc.
Ashford Hospitality Trust Inc 8.45% Series D Cumulative Preferred Stock
Ashford Hospitality Trust Inc 7.375% Series F Cumulative Preferred Stock
Ashford Hospitality Trust Inc 7.375% Series G Cumulative Preferred Stock
Ashford Hospitality Trust Inc 7.50% Series H Cumulative Preferred Stock
Ashford Hospitality Trust Inc 7.50% Series I Cumulative Preferred Stock
Arlington Asset Investment Corp 6.750% Sr Nt 03/15/2025
American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a global insurance company. The Company provides a range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products, mortgage insurance and other financial services to customers in more than 130 countries. It diverse offerings include products and services that help businesses and individuals protect their assets, manage risks and provide for retirement security. It earns revenues primarily from insurance premiums, policy fees from universal life insurance and investment products, and income from investments. Its segments include AIG Property Casualty and AIG Life and Retirement. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Chartis segment was renamed AIG Property Casualty and the SunAmerica segment was renamed AIG Life and Retirement.
American International Group Inc Dep Shs
American International Group Inc. Wt Wi
AIH, known as ?€?Peng?€?ai?€? in China, is a leading provider of aesthetic medical services in China. AIH operates through treatment centers that spread across major cities in mainland China, and also has presence in Hong Kong and Singapore. Leveraging over 20 years of clinical experience, AIH provides one-stop aesthetic service offerings, including surgical aesthetic treatments, non-surgical aesthetic treatments, and general medical services and other aesthetic services. According to certain third party industry consultant, AIH was the third-largest private aesthetic medical services provider in China in terms of revenue in 2018.
Headquartered in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, Senmiao provides automobile transaction and related services including sales of automobiles, facilitation and services for automobile purchase and financing, management, operating lease, guarantee and other automobile transaction services aimed principally at the growing ride-sharing market in Senmiao's areas of operation in China. Senmiao also operates Xixingtianxia, its own proprietary online ride-hailing platform.
AIkido Pharma Inc. was initially formed in 1967 and is a biotechnology company with a diverse portfolio of small-molecule anti-cancer therapeutics. The Company's platform consists of patented technology from leading universities and researchers and we are currently in the process of developing an innovative therapeutic drug platform through strong partnerships with world renowned educational institutions, including The??University of Texas at Austin??and??Wake Forest University. Our diverse pipeline of therapeutics includes therapies for pancreatic cancer, acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). In addition, we are constantly seeking to grow our pipeline to treat unmet medical needs in oncology. The Company is also developing a broad-spectrum antiviral platform that may potentially inhibit replication of multiple viruses including Influenza virus, SARS-CoV (coronavirus), MERS-CoV, Ebolavirus and Marburg virus.
. AIM ImmunoTech Inc. is an immuno-pharma company focused on the research and development of therapeutics to treat multiple types of cancers, immune disorders, and viral diseases, including COVID-19, the disease caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus.
Altra Industrial Motion Corp. is a premier industrial global manufacturer and supplier of highly engineered motion control, automation, power transmission, and engine braking systems and components. Altra's portfolio consists of 27 well-respected brands including Bauer Gear Motor, Boston Gear, Jacobs Vehicle Systems, Kollmorgen, Portescap, Stromag, Svendborg Brakes, TB Wood's, Thomson and Warner Electric. Headquartered in Braintree, Massachusetts. Altra has approximately 9,500 employees and over 50 production facilities in 16 countries around the world.
Albany International is a leading developer and manufacturer of engineered components, using advanced materials processing and automation capabilities, with two core businesses. Machine Clothing is the world?€?s leading producer of fabrics and process felts used in the manufacture of all grades of paper products. Albany Engineered Composites is a rapidly growing designer and manufacturer of advanced materials-based engineered components for jet engine and airframe applications, supporting both commercial and military platforms. Albany International is headquartered in Rochester, New Hampshire, operates 23 plants in 11 countries, employs approximately 4,600 people worldwide, and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (Symbol AIN).
Ashford, Inc. (AMEX:AINC.WI) operates independently of Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. as of November 12, 2014.
Apollo Investment Corporation is a closed-end investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Company invests primarily in various forms of debt investments, including secured and unsecured debt, loan investments, and/or equity in private middle-market companies. The Company may also invest in the securities of public companies and structured products and other investments such as collateralized loan obligations and credit-linked notes. The Company seeks to provide private financing solutions for private companies that do not have access to the more traditional providers of credit. Apollo Investment Corporation is managed by Apollo Investment Management, L.P., an affiliate of Apollo Global Management, Inc., a leading global alternative investment manager.
AllianzGI Artificial Intelligence & Technology Opportunities Fund Com
AAR CORP. is a diversified provider of products and services to the worldwide commercial aviation and government and defense markets. The Company operates in two segments: Aviation Services, which consists primarily of business activities conducted through AAR Parts Trading, Inc.; AAR Aircraft & Engine Sales & Leasing, Inc.; AAR Aircraft Services, Inc.; AAR Allen Services, Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of AAR Parts Trading, Inc.);. AAR Airlift Group, Inc. and AAR International, Inc., and Technology Products, which consists primarily of business activities conducted through AAR Manufacturing, Inc. and AAR International, Inc. The Company's products services include aviation supply chain and parts support programs; maintenance, repair and overhaul of aircraft and landing gear; design and manufacture of specialized mobility and cargo systems and composite and other precision machined structures, and aircraft modifications and aircraft and engine sales and leasing.
Airgain is a leading provider of advanced antenna technologies used to enable high performance wireless networking across a broad range of devices and markets, including consumer, enterprise, and automotive. Combining design-led thinking with testing and development, Airgain works in partnership with the entire ecosystem, including carriers, chipset suppliers, OEMs, and ODMs. Airgain?€?s antennas are deployed in carrier, fleet, enterprise, residential, private, government, and public safety wireless networks and systems, including set-top boxes, access points, routers, modems, gateways, media adapters, portables, digital televisions, sensors, fleet, and asset tracking devices. Airgain is headquartered in San Diego, California, and maintains design and test centers in the U.S., U.K., and China.
Air Industries Group, an aerospace and defense company, designs and manufactures structural parts and assemblies that focus on flight safety. The company offers landing gear, arresting gear, engine mounts, flight controls, throttle quadrants, and other components; sheet metal fabrication of aero structures; wiring harnesses, and other electro-mechanical and electronic assemblies; and tube bending, welding, and sub-contract machining services. Its products are deployed on a range of military and commercial aircraft, including Sikorsky's UH-60 Blackhawk helicopter, Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter (JSF), Northrop Grumman's E2D Hawkeye, Boeing's 777, Airbus' 380 commercial airliners, and the US Navy F-18 and USAF F-16 fighter aircraft. The company also provides electromechanical devices, mixer assemblies, and rotor-hub components for Blackhawk helicopters; arresting gear for the E2C/D Hawkeye, C2A Greyhound, and US Navy Fighters; vibration absorbing assemblies for Sikorsky helicopters; landing gear components for the F-35 JSF; and other subassembly packages. It serves prime contractors, aerospace engine manufacturers, other subcontractors to aerospace manufacturers, original equipment manufacturers, members of the defense and commercial aerospace industry supply chains, and the U.S. and foreign governments. The company was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in Bay Shore, New York.
Air T, Inc. operates wholly owned subsidiaries in three industry segments. The overnight air cargo segment consists of its Mountain Air Cargo, Inc. (MAC) and CSA Air, Inc. (CSA) subsidiaries, operates in the air express delivery services industry. The ground equipment sales segment consists of its Global Ground Support, LLC (GGS) subsidiary, manufactures and provides mobile deicers and other specialized equipment products to passenger and cargo airlines, airports, the military and industrial customers. The ground support services segment consists of its Global Aviation Services, LLC (GAS) subsidiary, provides ground support equipment maintenance and facilities maintenance services to domestic airlines and aviation service providers. The Company's overnight air cargo services are provided primarily to one customer, FedEx Corporation (FedEx).
Air T Inc. Air T Funding Trust Preferred Securities
Air T Inc. Air T Funding Warrants to Purchase Trust Preferred
Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. (Applied) is an industrial distributor in North America, supplying customers in a range of industries with products, including bearings, power transmission components, fluid power components and systems, industrial rubber products, linear motion components, tools, safety products, and general maintenance and mill supply products. The Company also provides customized fluid power, mechanical, and rubber shop services, as well as storeroom management services and maintenance training. In February 2012, the Company acquired the businesses of Solutions Industrielles Chicoutimi and Specialites Industrielles Harvey. In August 2012, it acquired SKF Group's company-owned distribution business in Australia and New Zealand. In November 2012, the Company acquired HyQuip Inc.
Apartment Investment and Management Company (Aimco) is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). AIMCO Properties, L.P. (the Aimco Operating Partnership), is a partnership formed to conduct the Company's business, which is focused on the ownership, management and redevelopment of apartment communities located in the United States. Aimco, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, AIMCO-GP, Inc. and AIMCO-LP Trust, owns an ownership interests in the Aimco Operating Partnership. Aimco conducts all of its business and owns all of its assets through the Aimco Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2012 , the Company's portfolio of owned properties consisted of 265 properties with 67,977 apartment units. The Company's business is organized around two activities: Property Operations and Portfolio Management. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company acquired 84 properties in San Diego, 42 in Manhattan and 488 in Phoenix.
Arlington Asset Investment Corp., an investment firm, acquires mortgage-related and other assets. The company acquires on a leveraged basis residential mortgage-backed securities (MBS) that are issued by the United States (U.S.) government agency, or guaranteed as to principal and interest by U.S. government agencies, or U.S. government-sponsored entities. It also acquires MBS issued by private organizations. The company was formerly known as Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group, Inc. Arlington Asset Investment Corp. was founded in 1989 and is based in Arlington, Virginia.
Assurant, Inc. is a leading global provider of lifestyle and housing solutions that support, protect and connect major consumer purchases. Anticipating the evolving needs of consumers, Assurant partners with the world?€?s leading brands to develop innovative products and services and to deliver an enhanced customer experience. A Fortune 500 company with a presence in 21 countries, Assurant offers mobile device solutions; extended service contracts; vehicle protection services; pre-funded funeral insurance; renters insurance; lender-placed insurance products; and other specialty products. The Assurant Foundation strengthens communities by supporting charitable partners that help protect where people live and can thrive, connect with local resources, inspire inclusion and prepare leaders of the future.
Assurant Inc. 6.50% Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock $1.00 par value
Ajax I - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/4 War)
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. (Gallagher) along with its subsidiaries, provides insurance brokerage and third-party claims settlement, and administration services to entities in the United States and abroad. It operates in three segments: brokerage, risk management and corporate. The Brokerage segment primarily consists of retail and wholesale insurance brokerage operations. The Company's risk management segment provides contract claim settlement and administration services for enterprises that choose to self-insure some or all of their property/casualty coverages and for insurance companies that choose to outsource some or all of their property/casualty claims departments. In November 2013, Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. announced the acquisition of The Parks Johnson Agency. In November 2013, the Company acquired the Giles Group of Companies. Effective November 14, 2013, the Company acquired Giles Insurance Brokers Ltd.
Aerojet Rocketdyne, a subsidiary of Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc., is a world-recognized aerospace and defense leader that provides propulsion systems and energetics to the space, missile defense and strategic systems, and tactical systems areas, in support of domestic and international customers.
Great Ajax Corp. is a Maryland corporation that is a real estate investment trust, that focuses primarily on acquiring, investing in and managing RPLs secured by single-family residences and commercial properties and, to a lesser extent, NPLs. We also originate and acquire loans secured by multi-family residential and smaller commercial mixed use retail/residential properties and acquire multi-family retail/residential and mixed use and commercial properties. We are externally managed by Thetis Asset Management LLC. Our mortgage loans and other real estate assets are serviced by Gregory Funding LLC, an affiliated entity. We have elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue Code.

Akamai secures and delivers digital experiences for the world's largest companies. Akamai's intelligent edge platform surrounds everything, from the enterprise to the cloud, so customers and their businesses can be fast, smart, and secure. Top brands globally rely on Akamai to help them realize competitive advantage through agile solutions that extend the power of their multi-cloud architectures. Akamai keeps decisions, apps and experiences closer to users than anyone - and attacks and threats far away. Akamai's portfolio of edge security, web and mobile performance, enterprise access and video delivery solutions is supported by unmatched customer service, analytics and 24/7/365 monitoring. To learn why the world's top brands trust Akamai, visit www.akamai.com, blogs.akamai.com, or @Akamai on Twitter.
Akebia Therapeutics, Inc. is a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company with the purpose to better the lives of people impacted by kidney disease. The Company was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Akers Biosciences is pursuing rapid development and manufacturing of a COVID-19 vaccine candidate in collaboration with Premas Biotech PVT Ltd.. In addition, the Company?€?s board of directors continues to evaluate strategic alternatives for the company to maximize shareholder value.
Embotelladora Andina SA is a Chile-based company engaged in the production of soft drinks in Chile, Brazil and Argentina. Andina's principal business is the production and distribution of Coca-Cola brand soft drinks, among others, through licensing agreements with The Coca-Cola Company. Through its subsidiary Rio de Janeiro Refrescos Ltda, Embotelladora Andina SA produces and distributes alcoholic and nonalcoholic drinks, mineral water, juices, syrups and powdered drinks in the Brazilian territory; and through Embotelladora del Atlantico SA, the Company manufactures, bottles and distributes Coca-Cola soft drinks in the Argentine territory. The Company owns fully consolidated subsidiaries, such as Andina Bottling Investments SA, Abisa Corp SA, Servicios Multivending Ltda, Transportes Andina Refrescos Ltda and Embotelladora Andina Chile SA, among others. On October 11, 2013, its subsidiary, Rio de Janeiro Refrescos Ltda, acquired a 100% stake in Companhia de Bebidas Ipiranga.
Embotelladora Andina SA is a Chile-based company engaged in the production of soft drinks in Chile, Brazil and Argentina. Andina's principal business is the production and distribution of Coca-Cola brand soft drinks, among others, through licensing agreements with The Coca-Cola Company. Through its subsidiary Rio de Janeiro Refrescos Ltda, Embotelladora Andina SA produces and distributes alcoholic and nonalcoholic drinks, mineral water, juices, syrups and powdered drinks in the Brazilian territory; and through Embotelladora del Atlantico SA, the Company manufactures, bottles and distributes Coca-Cola soft drinks in the Argentine territory. The Company owns fully consolidated subsidiaries, such as Andina Bottling Investments SA, Abisa Corp SA, Servicios Multivending Ltda, Transportes Andina Refrescos Ltda and Embotelladora Andina Chile SA, among others. On October 11, 2013, its subsidiary, Rio de Janeiro Refrescos Ltda, acquired a 100% stake in Companhia de Bebidas Ipiranga.
Acadia Realty Trust is an equity real estate investment trust focused on delivering long-term, profitable growth via its dual - Core and Fund - operating platforms and its disciplined, location-driven investment strategy. Acadia Realty Trust is accomplishing this goal by building a best-in-class core real estate portfolio with meaningful concentrations of assets in the nation?€?s most dynamic corridors; making profitable opportunistic and value-add investments through its series of discretionary, institutional funds; and maintaining a strong balance sheet.
Akero Therapeutics Inc

nan
DELISTED - Akumin Inc - Ordinary Shares
Akouos Inc
ALC is a leading aircraft leasing company based in Los Angeles, California that has airline customers throughout the world. ALC and its team of dedicated and experienced professionals are principally engaged in purchasing commercial aircraft and leasing them to its airline customers worldwide through customized aircraft leasing and financing solutions.
Air Lease Corp Non Cum Perp Pfd Ser A Fixed To Fltg Rate

Alberton Acquisition Corp - Tradeable Rights - Nov 2018
Alberton Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Ord USD & 1 Rt
Alberton Acquisition Corp - Warrants (22/04/2020)
Albemarle Corporation, headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., is a global specialty chemicals company with leading positions in lithium, bromine and refining catalysts. We think beyond business-as-usual to power the potential of companies in many of the world's largest and most critical industries, such as energy, electronics, and transportation. We actively pursue a sustainable approach to managing our diverse global footprint of world-class resources. In conjunction with our highly experienced and talented global teams, our deep-seated values, and our collaborative customer relationships, we create value-added and performance-based solutions that enable a safer and more sustainable future.

Alcon helps people see brilliantly. As the global leader in eye care with a heritage spanning more than seven decades, we offer the broadest portfolio of products to enhance sight and improve people?€?s lives. Our Surgical and Vision Care products touch the lives of more than 260 million people in over 140 countries each year living with conditions like cataracts, glaucoma, retinal diseases and refractive errors. Our more than 20,000 associates are enhancing the quality of life through innovative products, partnerships with eye care professionals and programs that advance access to quality eye care.
Alico, Inc. primarily operates two divisions: Alico Citrus, one of the nation?€?s largest citrus producers, and Alico Water Resources and Other Operations, a leading water storage and environmental services division.
ALDILA INC
Aldeyra Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of novel therapies with the potential to improve the lives of patients with immune-mediated diseases. Two of the company?€?s lead compounds, reproxalap and ADX-629, target reactive aldehyde species (RASP), which are elevated in ocular and systemic inflammatory disease and result in cytokine release via activation of a broad array of inflammatory factors, including NF-??B, inflammasomes, and Scavenger Receptor A. Reproxalap is being evaluated in Phase 3 clinical trials in patients with dry eye disease and allergic conjunctivitis. The company?€?s clinical pipeline also includes ADX-2191, a dihydrofolate reductase inhibitor in Phase 3 testing for proliferative vitreoretinopathy, and ADX-1612, a chaperome inhibitor in development for COVID-19 and ovarian cancer.
ALLETE Clean Energy acquires, develops and operates clean and renewable energy projects. ALLETE Clean Energy currently owns and operates, in four states, approximately 545 megawatts of nameplate capacity wind energy generation that is contracted under PSAs of various durations. ALLETE Clean Energy also engages in the development of wind energy facilities to operate under long-term PSAs or for sale to others upon completion.
Alector Inc - Ordinary Shares
Alexander & Baldwin, Inc. (A&B) is one of Hawai'i's premier commercial real estate companies and the largest owner of grocery-anchored, neighborhood shopping centers in the state. A&B owns, operates and manages approximately 3.9 million square feet of commercial space in Hawai'i, including 22 retail centers, ten industrial assets and four office properties, as well as 154 acres of ground leases. These core assets comprise nearly 72% of A&B's total assets. A&B's non-core assets include renewable energy generation facilities, nearly 27,000 acres of agricultural and conservation land and a vertically integrated paving business. A&B is achieving its strategic objective of becoming a Hawai'i-focused commercial real estate company by expanding and strengthening its Hawai'i CRE portfolio and monetizing non-core assets. Over its 150-year history, A&B has evolved with the state's economy and played a leadership role in the development of the agricultural, transportation, tourism, construction, residential and commercial real estate industries.
Alamo Group is a leader in the design, manufacture, distribution and service of high quality equipment for infrastructure maintenance, agriculture and other applications. Our products include truck and tractor mounted mowing and other vegetation maintenance equipment, street sweepers, snow removal equipment, excavators, vacuum trucks, other industrial equipment, agricultural implements, forestry equipment and related after-market parts and services. The Company, founded in 1969, has approximately 4,070 employees and operates 30 plants in North America, Europe, Australia and Brazil as of June 30, 2020. The corporate offices of Alamo Group Inc. are located in Seguin, Texas.
Allegro Microsystems Inc
Align Technology designs and manufactures the Invisalign?? system, the most advanced clear aligner system in the world, iTero?? intraoral scanners and services, and CAD/CAM software. Align has helped treat over 8 million patients with the Invisalign system and is driving the evolution in digital dentistry with the iTero intraoral scanner and exocad?? CAD/CAM software ??? modernizing today?€?s practices by enabling enhanced digital orthodontic and restorative workflows to improve patient outcomes and practice efficiencies.
Aligos Therapeutics Inc
?? Las Vegas -based Allegiant is an integrated travel company with an airline at its heart, focused on connecting customers with premier leisure experiences - from vacations to hometown family entertainment. Since 1999, Allegiant Air has linked travelers in small-to-medium cities to world-class vacation destinations??with all-nonstop flights and industry-low average fares. Today, Allegiant serves more than 450 routes across the country, with base airfares less than half the cost of the average domestic roundtrip ticket. Allegiant's Sunseeker Resorts??subsidiary??is currently under construction with its inaugural resort property, Sunseeker Resort Charlotte Harbor in Southwest Florida - a unique waterside integrated resort like no other. And a growing group of Allegiant Nonstop family entertainment centers offer state-of-the art indoor games and attractions to thrill seekers of all ages.
Alimera Sciences is a pharmaceutical company that specializes in the commercialization and development of prescription ophthalmic pharmaceuticals. Alimera is presently focused on diseases affecting the back of the eye, or retina, because these diseases are not well treated with current therapies and affect millions of people in our aging populations.
Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. 7.25% Series A Redeemable Preferred Units
Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. 8.50% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units representing limited partner interests
Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. 8.875% Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units
ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. is the parent company of (i) Faneuil, Inc., a leading provider of call center services, back office operations, staffing services, and toll collection services to commercial and governmental clients across the United States, (ii) Floors-N-More, LLC, d/b/a Carpets N' More, one of the largest floor covering retailers in Las Vegas, Nevada, and a provider of multiple products for the commercial, retail, and home builder markets including all types of flooring, countertops, and cabinets, and (iii) Phoenix Color Corp., a leading manufacturer of book components, educational materials, and related products producing value-added components, heavily illustrated books, and specialty commercial products using a broad spectrum of materials and decorative technologies.
Alaska Airlines and its regional partners serve more than 115 destinations across the United States and North America. The airline provides essential air service for our guests along with moving crucial cargo shipments, while emphasizing Next-Level Care. Alaska is known for low fares, award-winning customer service and sustainability efforts. Guests can earn and redeem miles on flights to more than 800 destinations worldwide with Alaska and its Global Partners. On March 31, 2021, Alaska will officially become a member of the one world global alliance.
Alkermes plc??is a fully integrated, global biopharmaceutical company developing innovative medicines in the fields of neuroscience and oncology. The company has a portfolio of proprietary commercial products focused on addiction and schizophrenia, and a pipeline of product candidates in development for schizophrenia, bipolar I disorder, neurodegenerative disorders and cancer. Headquartered in??Dublin, Ireland,??Alkermes plc??has an R&D center in??Waltham,??Massachusetts; a research and manufacturing facility in Athlone,??Ireland; and a manufacturing facility in??Wilmington, Ohio.
The Allstate Corporation protects people from life's uncertainties with more than 167.5 million proprietary policies. Allstate offers a broad array of protection products through multiple brands and diverse distribution channels, including auto, home, life and other insurance. Allstate is widely known from the slogan "You're in Good Hands with Allstate."
Allstate Corporation (The) 5.100% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Debentures due 2053
Allstate Corporation (The) Depositary Shares Series G
Allstate
Allegion plc is a global provider of security products and solutions. The Company offers a portfolio of mechanical and electronic security products across a range of brands. The Company operates in three geographic regions: Americas; Europe, Middle East, India and Africa (EMEIA), and Asia Pacific. As of November 15, 2013, the Company was selling its security products and solutions under 23 brands in 120 countries, including Schlage, Von Duprin, LCN, CISA and Interflex. It sell a range of security products and solutions for end-users in commercial, institutional and residential facilities worldwide, including into the education, healthcare, government, commercial office and single- and multi-family residential markets. In April 2014, the Company acquired Fire & Security Hardware Pty Ltd.
Allakos Inc
Allogene Therapeutics Inc - Ordinary Shares
Allot Communications, Ltd. develops bandwidth management hardware and software products that resolve network congestion problems. The Company offers the industry's broadest range of bandwidth management solutions with a combination of hardware/software products that suit any network configuration. The NetEnforcer family of LAN appliances offer traffic shaping technology for QoS/SLA enforcement, real-time IP monitoring, IP accounting and load balancing. The NetReality family of WAN appliances, acquired from NetReality in September 2002, offers technology for QoS/SLA enforcement, real-time IP monitoring and IP accounting. The NetPure policy-based Internet content filter offers second-generation URL filtering based on artificial intelligence.
: Ally Financial Inc. is a leading digital financial-services company with $184.1 billion in assets as of June 30, 2020. As a customer centric company with passionate customer service and innovative financial solutions, we are relentlessly focused on "Doing it Right" and being a trusted financial-services provider to our consumer, commercial, and corporate customers. We are one of the largest full-service automotive finance operations in the country and offer a wide range of financial services and insurance products to automotive dealerships and consumers. Our award-winning online bank ( Ally Bank, Member FDIC and Equal Housing Lender) offers mortgage lending, personal lending, and a variety of deposit and other banking products, including savings, money-market, and checking accounts, certificates of deposit (CDs), and individual retirement accounts (IRAs). Additionally, we offer securities-brokerage and investment-advisory services through Ally Invest. Our robust corporate finance business offers capital for equity sponsors and middle-market companies.
GMAC Capital Trust I Fixed Rate Floating Rate Trust Preferred Securities Series 2
Allena Pharmaceuticals Inc
Pharmaceuticals Alnylam is leading the translation of RNA interference (RNAi) into a whole new class of innovative medicines with the potential to transform the lives of people afflicted with rare genetic, cardio-metabolic, hepatic infectious, and central nervous system (CNS)/ocular diseases. Based on Nobel Prize-winning science, RNAi therapeutics represent a powerful, clinically validated approach for the treatment of a wide range of severe and debilitating diseases. Founded in 2002, Alnylam is delivering on a bold vision to turn scientific possibility into reality, with a robust RNAi therapeutics platform. Alnylam?€?s commercial RNAi therapeutic products are ONPATTRO ?? (patisiran), approved in the U.S., EU, Canada, Japan, Brazil, and Switzerland, GIVLAARI ?? (givosiran), approved in the U.S., EU, Brazil, and Canada, and OXLUMO??? (lumasiran) approved in the EU. Alnylam has a deep pipeline of investigational medicines, including six product candidates that are in late-stage development. Alnylam is headquartered in Cambridge, MA.
Astro-Med, Inc. (Astro-Med) designs, develops, manufactures and distributes a range of specialty printers and data acquisition and analysis systems, including both hardware and software, which incorporate advanced technologies in order to acquire, store, analyze, and present data in multiple formats. The Company's markets for hardware and software products of the Company include aerospace, apparel, automotive, avionics, chemicals, computer peripherals, communications, distribution, food and beverage, general manufacturing, life sciences, packaging and transportation. The Company operates in three business segments: Astro-Med Test & Measurement (T&M), QuickLabel Systems (QuickLabel) and Grass Technologies (Grass). The Company's products are sold under the brand names Astro-Med Test & Measurement (T&M), Grass Technologies (Grass), and QuickLabel Systems (QuickLabel).
Alabama Power Company 5.00% Class A Preferred Stock Cumulative Par Value $1 Per Share (Stated Capital $25 Per Share)
Alpine Immune Sciences, Inc. is committed to leading a new wave of immune therapeutics. With world-class research and development capabilities, a highly productive scientific platform, and a proven management team, Alpine is creating multifunctional immunotherapies via unique protein engineering technologies to improve patients?€? lives.
Holdings, Inc. Alarm.com is the leading platform for the intelligently connected property. Millions of consumers and businesses depend on Alarm.com's technology to manage and control their property from anywhere. Our platform integrates with a growing variety of Internet of Things (IoT) devices through our apps and interfaces. Our security, video, access control, intelligent automation, energy management, and wellness solutions are available through our network of thousands of professional service providers in North America and around the globe. Alarm.com's common stock is traded on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol ALRM.
At Aileron, we are focused on transforming the experience of chemotherapy for cancer patients, enabling them to fight cancer without the fear or burden of chemotherapy-induced side effects. ALRN-6924, our first-in-class MDM2/MDMX dual inhibitor activating p53, is the only reported therapeutic agent in clinical development to employ a biomarker strategy, in which we exclusively focus on treating patients with p53-mutated cancers. With this unique, targeted strategy, ALRN-6924 is designed to protect multiple healthy cell types throughout the body from chemotherapy while chemotherapy continues to destroy cancer cells. In addition to potentially reducing or eliminating multiple side effects, ALRN-6924 may also improve patients?€? quality of life and help them better tolerate chemotherapy, potentially allowing patients to complete their treatment without dose reductions or delays. Our long-term vision is to bring chemoprotection to patients with p53-mutated cancers ?€? approximately 50% of cancer patients ?€? regardless of cancer type or chemotherapy.
Alerus Financial Corporation is a diversified financial services company headquartered in Grand Forks, N.D. Through our subsidiary, Alerus Financial, National Association, we provide innovative and comprehensive financial solutions to businesses and consumers through four distinct business segments?€?banking, retirement and benefit services, wealth management, and mortgage. These solutions are delivered through a relationship?€?oriented primary point of contact along with responsive and client?€?friendly technology. Alerus Financial banking and wealth management offices are located in Grand Forks and Fargo, N.D., the Minneapolis-St. Paul, Minn. metropolitan area, and Scottsdale and Mesa, Ariz. Alerus Retirement and Benefits plan administration offices are located in St. Paul and Albert Lea, Minn., East Lansing and Troy, Mich., and Bedford, N.H.
Alaska Communications is the leading provider of advanced broadband and managed IT services for businesses and consumers in Alaska.
Allison Transmission is the world?€?s largest manufacturer of fully automatic transmissions for medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicles and medium- and heavy-tactical U.S. defense vehicles, as well as a supplier of commercial vehicle propulsion solutions, including electric hybrid and fully electric propulsion systems. Allison products are used in a wide variety of applications, including on-highway trucks (distribution, refuse, construction, fire and emergency), buses (school, transit and coach), motorhomes, off-highway vehicles and equipment (energy, mining and construction applications) and defense vehicles (wheeled and tracked). Founded in 1915, the company is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, USA. With a market presence in more than 80 countries, Allison has regional headquarters in the Netherlands, China and Brazil with manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Hungary and India. Allison also has approximately 1,500 independent distributor and dealer locations worldwide.
Altimmune is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing intranasal vaccines, immune modulating therapies and treatments for liver disease. The Company?€?s diverse pipeline includes proprietary intranasal vaccines for COVID-19 (AdCOVID???), anthrax (NasoShield???) and influenza (NasoVAX???); an intranasal immune modulating therapeutic for COVID-19 (T-COVID???); and next generation peptide therapeutics for NASH (ALT-801) and chronic hepatitis B (HepTcell).
Altabancorp??? is the bank holding company for Altabank???, a full-service bank, providing loans, deposit and cash management services to businesses and individuals through 26 branch locations from Preston, Idaho to St. George, Utah. Altabank??? is the largest community bank in Utah with total assets of $3.2 billion. Our clients have direct access to bankers and decision-makers, who work with clients to understand their specific needs and offer customized financial solutions. Altabank??? has been serving communities in Utah and southern Idaho for more than 100 years.

B Riley Principal Merger Corp Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock each at an exercise price of 1150 per share

Altair is a global technology company that provides software and cloud solutions in the areas of product development, high performance computing (HPC) and data analytics. Altair enables organizations across broad industry segments to compete more effectively in a connected world while creating a more sustainable future. To learn more, please visit www.altair.com.
Alsius Corp
Allusa Energy Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Shs Cl A & 12 Red Wt
Alussa Energy Acquisition Corp Warrants 31102026
Autoliv, Inc. is the worldwide leader in vehicle safety systems, and through our subsidiaries we develop, manufacture and market protective systems, such as airbags, seatbelts, steering wheels and pedestrian protection systems for all major automotive manufacturers in the world. Our products save over 30,000 lives each year and prevent ten times as many severe injuries. Our more than 65,000 associates in 27 countries are passionate about our vision of Saving More Lives and quality is at the heart of everything we do. We have 14 technical centers, with 20 test tracks. Sales in 2019 amounted to US $ 8,548 million. The shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Swedish Depository Receipts on Nasdaq Stockholm (ALIV sdb).
AlloVir Inc Com
Alexander's, Inc. (Alexander's) is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is engaged in leasing, managing, developing and redeveloping its properties. The Company is managed by, and its properties are leased and developed by, Vornado Realty Trust (Vornado). As of December 31, 2012, the Company had six properties in New York City metropolitan area consisting of the 731 Lexington Avenue, Rego Park I, Rego Park II, Paramus and Flushing. On November 28, 2012, the Company completed the sale of the Kings Plaza Regional Shopping Center (Kings Plaza) located in Brooklyn, New York, to The Macerich Company. In November 2012, the Company acquired the remaining 75% interest in the Kings Plaza energy plant joint venture.
Alexion is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on serving patients and families affected by rare diseases and devastating conditions through the discovery, development and commercialization of life-changing medicines. As a leader in rare diseases for more than 25 years, Alexion has developed and commercializes two approved complement inhibitors to treat patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) and atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS), as well as the first and only approved complement inhibitor to treat anti-acetylcholine receptor (AchR) antibody-positive generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) and neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD). Alexion also has two highly innovative enzyme replacement therapies for patients with life-threatening and ultra-rare metabolic disorders, hypophosphatasia (HPP) and lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D) as well as the first and only approved Factor Xa inhibitor reversal agent. In addition, the company is developing several mid-to-late-stage therapies, including a copper-binding agent for Wilson disease, an anti-neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) antibody for rare Immunoglobulin G (IgG)-mediated diseases and an oral Factor D inhibitor as well as several early-stage therapies, including one for light chain (AL) amyloidosis, a second oral Factor D inhibitor and a third complement inhibitor. Alexion focuses its research efforts on novel molecules and targets in the complement cascade and its development efforts on hematology, nephrology, neurology, metabolic disorders, cardiology, ophthalmology and acute care. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, Alexion has offices around the globe and serves patients in more than 50 countries.
ALX Oncology Holdings Inc
Alithya Group inc - Ordinary Shares - Class A (Sub Voting)
Antero Midstream Partners LP owns, operates, and develops midstream energy assets. Its assets include 8-, 12-, 16-, and 20-inch high and low pressure gathering pipelines and compressor stations that collect natural gas, and oil and condensate from wells in the Marcellus Shale in West Virginia and the Utica Shale in Ohio. As of December 31, 2014, the company??s Marcellus and Utica Shale gathering systems comprised 153 miles and 96 miles of pipelines. Antero Resources Midstream Management LLC serves as the general partner of the company. Antero Midstream Partners LP was founded in 2013 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.
Amalgamated Bank is a New York-based full-service commercial bank and a chartered trust company with a combined network of six branches in New York City, Washington D.C., San Francisco, and Boston. Amalgamated was formed in 1923 as Amalgamated Bank of New York by the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America, one of the country's oldest labor unions. Amalgamated provides commercial banking and trust services nationally and offers a full range of products and services to both commercial and retail customers. Amalgamated is a proud member of the Global Alliance for Banking on Values and is a certified B Corporation??. As of September 30, 2020, total assets were $6.6 billion, total net loans were $3.6 billion, and total deposits were $6.0 billion. Additionally, as of September 30, 2020, the trust business held $33.1 billion in assets under custody and $14.3 billion in assets under management.
Applied Materials, Inc. is the leader in materials engineering solutions used to produce virtually every new chip and advanced display in the world. Our expertise in modifying materials at atomic levels and on an industrial scale enables customers to transform possibilities into reality. At Applied Materials, our innovations make possible the technology shaping the future.
Ambarella's products are used in a wide variety of human and computer vision applications, including video security, advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS), electronic mirror, drive recorder, driver/cabin monitoring, autonomous driving, and robotic applications. Ambarella's low-power system- on-chips (SoCs) offer high-resolution video compression, advanced image processing, and powerful deep neural network processing to enable intelligent cameras to extract valuable data from high-resolution video streams.
Ambac Financial Group, Inc. (?€?Ambac?€? or ?€?AFG?€?), headquartered in New York City, is a financial services holding company whose principal subsidiaries, Ambac Assurance Corporation and Ambac Assurance UK Limited, are financial guarantee insurance companies currently in runoff. Outstanding policies include financial guarantees of public finance and structured finance obligations in the public and private sectors globally. Ambac?€?s common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ?€?AMBC?€?. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Ambac contains substantial restrictions on the ability to transfer Ambac?€?s common stock. Subject to limited exceptions, any attempted transfer of common stock shall be prohibited and void to the extent that, as a result of such transfer (or any series of transfers of which such transfer is a part), any person or group of persons shall become a holder of 5% or more of Ambac?€?s common stock or a holder of 5% or more of Ambac?€?s common stock increases its ownership interest. Ambac is committed to providing timely and accurate information to the investing public, consistent with our legal and regulatory obligations. To that end, we use our website to convey information about our businesses, including the anticipated release of quarterly financial results, quarterly financial, statistical and business-related information, and the posting of updates to the status of certain residential mortgage backed securities litigations.
Ambac Financial Group Inc. Warrants
Ambow Education Holding Ltd. American Depository Shares each representing two Class A
AMC is the largest movie exhibition company in the United States, the largest in Europe and the largest throughout the world with approximately 1,000 theatres and 11,000 screens across the globe. AMC has propelled innovation in the exhibition industry by: deploying its Signature power-recliner seats; delivering enhanced food and beverage choices; generating greater guest engagement through its loyalty and subscription programs, web site and mobile apps; offering premium large format experiences and playing a wide variety of content including the latest Hollywood releases and independent programming. AMC operates among the most productive theatres in the United States' top markets, having the #1 or #2 market share positions in 21 of the 25 largest metropolitan areas of the United States. AMC is also #1 or #2 in market share in 9 of the 15 countries it serves in North America, Europe and the Middle East.

Amci Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Class A & 0.5 Warrant)
Amci Acquisition Corp - Warrants (20/05/2025)
Amcor Plc
AMC Networks is a global entertainment company known for delivering high-quality content to audiences and a valuable platform to distributors and advertisers. The Company, which operates several of the most recognizable brands in entertainment, manages its business through two operating segments: (i) National Networks, which principally includes AMC, BBC AMERICA, IFC, SundanceTV and WE tv; and AMC Studios, the Company?€?s production business; and (ii) International and Other, which principally includes AMC Networks International, the Company?€?s international programming business; AMC Networks SVOD, the Company's subscription streaming services business, which principally includes AMC+, Acorn TV, Shudder, Sundance Now and UMC; Levity, the Company?€?s production services and comedy venues business; and IFC Films, the Company's independent film distribution business.
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) is a global semiconductor company with facilities around the world. The Company offers x86 microprocessors, as standalone devices or as incorporated as an accelerated processing unit (APU), for the commercial and consumer markets, embedded microprocessors for commercial, commercial client and consumer markets and chipsets for desktop and mobile devices, including mobile personal computers, or PCs, and tablets, professional workstations and servers and graphics, video and multimedia products for desktop and mobile devices, including mobile PCs and tablets, home media PCs and professional workstations, servers and technology for game consoles. In September 2013, Advanced Micro Devices Inc announced that its Singapore subsidiary, Advanced Micro Devices (Singapore) Pte Ltd. completed a transaction to sell and lease-back its Singapore facility located at 508 Chai Chee Lane, Singapore 469032 to HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited.
Gatan is the world's leading manufacturer of instrumentation and software used to enhance and extend the operation and performance of electron microscopes. Gatan's products, which are fully compatible with all brands of electron microscopes, cover the entire range of the analytical process from specimen preparation and manipulation to imaging and analysis. Its customer base spans the complete spectrum of end-users of analytical instrumentation typically found in industrial, governmental, and academic laboratories. The applications addressed by these scientists and researchers include new materials research, semiconductors, electronics, geosciences, biological science, and biotechnology. The Gatan brand name is recognized and respected throughout the worldwide scientific community and has been synonymous with high-quality products and the industry's leading technology. Gatan is a business unit within AMETEK's Materials Analysis Division. About AMETEK AMETEK is a leading global manufacturer of electronic instruments and electromechanical devices with annual sales of approximately??$5.0 billion. AMETEK is a leading global manufacturer of electronic instruments and electromechanical devices with annual sales of approximately??$5.0 billion. The AMETEK Growth Model integrates the Four Growth Strategies - Operational Excellence, New Product Development, Global and Market Expansion, and Strategic Acquisitions - with a disciplined focus on cash generation and capital deployment. AMETEK's objective is double-digit percentage growth in earnings per share over the business cycle and a superior return on total capital. The common stock of AMETEK is a component of the S&P 500.
Amedisys, Inc. is a leading healthcare at home Company delivering personalized home health, hospice and personal care. Amedisys is focused on delivering the care that is best for our patients, whether that is home-based personal care; recovery and rehabilitation after an operation or injury; care focused on empowering them to manage a chronic disease; or hospice care at the end of life. More than 2,600 hospitals and 67,000 physicians nationwide have chosen Amedisys as a partner in post-acute care. Founded in 1982, headquartered in Baton Rouge, LA with an executive office in Nashville, Tenn., Amedisys is a publicly held company. With more than 21,000 employees in 516 care centers in 39 states and the District of Columbia, Amedisys is dedicated to delivering the highest quality of care to the doorsteps of more than 415,000 patients and clients in need every year.
ApolloMed is a leading physician-centric, technology-enabled healthcare management company. Leveraging its proprietary population health management and healthcare delivery platform, ApolloMed operates an integrated, value-based healthcare model, which aims to empower the providers in its network to deliver the highest quality of care to its patients in a cost-effective manner. Headquartered in Alhambra, California, ApolloMed's subsidiaries include management services organizations ("MSOs"), affiliated independent practice associations ("IPAs") and a Next Generation Accountable Care Organization ("NGACO"). NMM and Apollo Medical Management, Inc. are the administrative and managerial services companies for the affiliated physician owned professional corporations that contract with independent physicians to deliver medical services in-office and virtually under the Allied Pacific of California IPA, Alpha Care Medical Group, Inc. and Accountable Health Care IPA brands. These affiliates are supported by ApolloMed Hospitalists, a Medical Corporation. Our NGACO operates under the APA ACO, Inc. brand and participates in the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services program that allows provider groups to assume higher levels of financial risk and potentially achieve a higher reward from participation in the program's attribution-based risk sharing model.
Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) is a global asset management company with equity investments in a diverse group of boutique investment management firms (Affiliates). As of December 31, 2012, the Company manages assets through its Affiliates across a broad range of asset classes and investment styles in three principal distribution channels: Institutional, Mutual Fund and High Net Worth. On June 29, 2012, it completed its investment in Veritable, LP (Veritable) through AMG Wealth Partners. Veritable manages assets for ultra-high net worth individuals and provides comprehensive, objective and tax-sensitive investment consultation through an approach customized for each client's specific needs. On June 29, 2012, it completed its investment in Yacktman Asset Management LP (Yacktman).
Amgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering innovative human therapeutics. This approach begins by using tools like advanced human genetics to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology. Amgen focuses on areas of high unmet medical need and leverages its expertise to strive for solutions that improve health outcomes and dramatically improve people's lives. A biotechnology pioneer since 1980, Amgen has grown to be??one of??the world's leading independent biotechnology companies, has reached millions of patients around the world and is developing a pipeline of medicines with breakaway potential.
American Homes 4 Rent is a leader in the single-family home rental industry and "American Homes 4 Rent" is fast becoming a nationally recognized brand for rental homes, known for high-quality, good value and tenant satisfaction. We are an internally managed Maryland real estate investment trust, or REIT, focused on acquiring, developing, renovating, leasing, and operating attractive, single-family homes as rental properties. As of September 30, 2020, we owned 53,229 single-family properties in selected submarkets in 22 states.
American Homes 4 Rent 6.5% Series D Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest
American Homes 4 Rent 6.35% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest
American Homes 4 Rent 5.875% Series F Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares
American Homes 4 Rent Series G cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred shares of beneficial interest
American Homes 4 Rent Series H cumulative redeemable perpetual Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest

Amplitude Healthcare Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Cl A & 12 Wt Exp 12012026
Amplitude Healthcare Acquisition Corp Warrants 01122026
AssetMark is a leading provider of extensive wealth management and technology solutions that power independent financial advisors and their clients. Through AssetMark, Inc., its investment adviser subsidiary registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, AssetMark operates a platform that comprises fully integrated technology, personalized and scalable service, and curated investment platform solutions designed to make a difference in the lives of advisors and their clients.
Amkor Technology, Inc. is one of the world?€?s largest providers of outsourced semiconductor packaging and test services. Founded in 1968, Amkor pioneered the outsourcing of IC packaging and test and is now a strategic manufacturing partner for the world?€?s leading semiconductor companies, foundries and electronics OEMs. Amkor?€?s operational base includes production facilities, product development centers, and sales and support offices located in key electronics manufacturing regions in Asia, Europe and the USA.
AMERON INTERNATIONAL CORP
ETRACS Alerian Midstream Energy Index ETN
American National is a multi-state bank holding company with total assets of approximately $2.9 billion. Headquartered in Danville, Virginia, American National is the parent company of American National Bank and Trust Company. American National Bank is a community bank serving Virginia and North Carolina with 25 banking offices. American National Bank also manages an additional $884 million of trust, investment and brokerage assets in its Trust and Investment Services Division.
UBS AG London Branch ETRACS Alerian Midstream Energy Divid Index ETN 2050
Allied Motion designs, manufactures and sells precision and specialty controlled motion products and solutions used in a broad range of industries within our major served markets, which include Vehicle, Medical, Aerospace & Defense, and Industrial. Headquartered in Amherst, NY, the Company has global operations and sells into markets across the United States, Canada, South America, Europe and Asia. Allied Motion is focused on controlled motion applications and is known worldwide for its expertise in electro-magnetic, mechanical and electronic motion technology. Its products include brush and brushless DC motors, brushless servo and torque motors, coreless DC motors, integrated brushless motor-drives, gear motors, gearing, modular digital servo drives, motion controllers, incremental and absolute optical encoders, active (electronic) and passive (magnetic) filters for power quality and harmonic issues, and other controlled motion-related products. The Company?€?s growth strategy is focused on being the controlled motion solutions leader in its selected target markets by leveraging its ?€?technology/know how?€? to develop integrated precision solutions that utilize multiple Allied Motion technologies to ?€?change the game?€? and create higher value solutions for its customers.
Am??rica M??vil, S.A.B. de C.V. provides telecommunications services in the United States, Latin America, and the Caribbean. It offers mobile and fixed voice services, including airtime, local, domestic, and international long-distance services, as well as network interconnection and public telephony services. The company also provides data, messaging, Web browsing, mobile entertainment, enterprise mobility services, and corporate network services, as well as data services, such as data transmission, email services, instant messaging, content streaming, and interactive applications. In addition, it offers handsets, smartphones, broadband cards, tablets, and netbooks; accessories, such as chargers, headsets, and batteries; push-to-talk services; and other wireless services that include PC and wireless security, machine-to-machine services, field communication services, mobile payment solutions, mobile applications, and VPN services, as well as Oficina M??vil Telcel, a services suite to enhance applications, video calls, and mobile banking. Further, the company provides video, music, radio, online gaming, and applications; advertising, e-commerce, and digital marketing services; application development services for mobile devices; digital discount coupons; and social media solutions, as well as publishes and distributes yellow and white pages directories. Additionally, it sells computers, telecommunications equipment, and accessories; rents high-speed data lines to businesses and other telecommunications providers; offers billing and collection services, satellite data and packet-switched data transmission services, frame relay, and message-handling systems; satellite solutions; and provides cable pay television, call center, pay per view and additional programming, and advertising services. The company markets its products and services through distributors and retail chains. Am??rica M??vil, S.A.B. de C.V. was founded in 2000 and is based in Mexico City, Mexico.
At Ameriprise Financial, we have been helping people feel confident about their financial future for more than 125 years. With a network of approximately 10,000 financial advisors and extensive asset management, advisory and insurance capabilities, we have the strength and expertise to serve the full range of consumer financial needs.
Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, focuses on developing therapies for the treatment of prevalent inflammatory conditions in the United States. The company is developing compounds that decrease inflammation by inhibiting specific pro-inflammatory compounds by affecting specific pathways at the protein expression and at the transcription level; activating specific phosphatase or depletion of the available phosphate needed for the inflammation process; and decreasing vascular permeability. Its lead product candidates in development include Ampion, which is in Phase III clinical trial for osteoarthritis of the knee; and Optina that is in Phase IIb clinical trial for diabetic macular edema. Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is headquartered in Englewood, Colorado.
Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company, focuses on the development, manufacture, marketing, and sale of generic and proprietary injectable and inhalation products. It operates in two segments, Finished Pharmaceutical Products and Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients. The company??s product portfolio comprises Enoxaparin, a low molecular weight heparin that is used as an anticoagulant for prevention and treatment of deep vein thrombosis; Cortrosyn, a lyophilized powder for use as a diagnostic agent in the screening of patients presumed with adrenocortical insufficiency; and Lidocaine jelly, a local anesthetic product used primarily for urological procedures. It also provides syringe products, which include critical care drugs, such as atropine, calcium chloride, dextrose, epinephrine, lidocaine, naloxone, and sodium bicarbonate for emergency use in hospital settings; phytonadione injection for newborn use; lidocaine topical solution for use as a local anesthetic; morphine; epinephrine in vial form; and lorazepam injection. In addition, the company develops Primatene Mist HFA, an over-the-counter epinephrine inhalation product candidate that is intended to be used for the temporary relief of mild symptoms of intermittent asthma; Amphadase, a bovine-sourced hyaluronidase injection; and active pharmaceutical ingredients, such as recombinant human insulin and porcine insulin. Its products are used in hospital or urgent care clinical settings, and primarily contracted and distributed through group purchasing organizations and drug wholesalers. The company was established in 1996 and is headquartered in Rancho Cucamonga, California.
Midstates Petroleum Company, Inc. is an independent exploration and production company focused on the application of modern drilling and completion techniques in oil and liquids-rich basins in the onshore U.S. The Company?€?s operations are currently focused on oilfields in the Mississippian Lime play in Oklahoma. MIDSTATES PETROLEUM COMPANY, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except share amounts) (Unaudited) March 31, 2019 December 31, 2018 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents $ 717 $ 11,341 Accounts receivable: Oil and gas sales 17,519 22,165 Joint interest billing 2,253 2,474 Other 377 1,374 Commodity derivative contracts 309 6,940 Other current assets 2,534 1,684 Total current assets 23,709 45,978 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT: Oil and gas properties, on the basis of full-cost accounting Proved properties 818,013 809,272 Unproved properties not being amortized 1,869 4,050 Other property and equipment 6,340 6,345 Less accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and impairment (287,544 ) (266,198 ) Net property and equipment 538,678 553,469 OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS: Commodity derivative contracts ?€? 791 Right-of-use lease assets 4,648 ?€? Other noncurrent assets 5,762 5,257 Total other noncurrent assets 10,410 6,048 TOTAL $ 572,797 $ 605,495 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable $ 3,536 $ 6,511 Accrued liabilities 21,973 25,521 Commodity derivative contracts 908 ?€? Lease liabilities 1,236 ?€? Total current liabilities 27,653 32,032 LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: Asset retirement obligations 8,244 8,087 Commodity derivative contracts 251 80 Long-term debt 59,059 23,059 Long-term lease liabilities 4,041 ?€? Other long-term liabilities ?€? 560 Total long-term liabilities 71,595 31,786 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES STOCKHOLDERS?€? EQUITY: Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding at March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 ?€? ?€? Warrants, 6,979,609 and 6,625,554 warrants outstanding at March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 37,329 37,329 Common stock, $0.01 par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized; 20,619,765 shares issued and 20,414,422 shares outstanding at March 31, 2019; 25,520,170 shares issued and 25,345,981 shares outstanding at December 31, 2018 206 255 Treasury stock (2,717 ) (2,455 ) Additional paid-in-capital 481,901 531,911 Retained deficit (43,170 ) (25,363 ) Total stockholders?€? equity 473,549 541,677 TOTAL $ 572,797 $ 605,495 MIDSTATES PETROLEUM COMPANY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In thousands) (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 2018 REVENUES Oil sales $ 16,327 $ 32,414 Natural gas liquid sales 6,216 11,038 Natural gas sales 6,610 8,337 Other revenue 688 1,055 Total revenue from contracts with customers 29,841 52,844 Losses on commodity derivative contracts?€?net (7,732 ) (3,939 ) Total revenues 22,109 48,905 EXPENSES: Lease operating and workover 8,990 14,808 Gathering and transportation 19 57 Severance and other taxes 1,933 2,861 Asset retirement accretion 157 297 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization 11,794 15,213 Impairment in carrying value of oil and gas properties 9,653 ?€? General and administrative 6,438 9,857 Total expenses 38,984 43,093 OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) (16,875 ) 5,812 OTHER EXPENSE Interest income 5 19 Interest expense?€?net of amounts capitalized (937 ) (1,827 ) Total other expense (932 ) (1,808 ) INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE TAXES (17,807 ) 4,004 Income tax expense ?€? ?€? NET INCOME (LOSS) $ (17,807 ) $ 4,004 Participating securities?€?non-vested restricted stock ?€? (99 ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS $ (17,807 ) $ 3,905 Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders $ (0.78 ) $ 0.15 Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 22,837 25,299 MIDSTATES PETROLEUM COMPANY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS?€? EQUITY (In thousands) (Unaudited) Series A Preferred Stock Common Stock Warrants Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in-Capital Retained Deficit Total Stockholders?€? Equity Balance as of December 31, 2018 $ ?€? $ 255 $ 37,329 $ (2,455 ) $ 531,911 $ (25,363 ) $ 541,677 Share-based compensation ?€? 1 ?€? ?€? (60 ) ?€? (59 ) Acquisition of treasury stock ?€? ?€? ?€? (50,262 ) ?€? ?€? (50,262 ) Net loss ?€? ?€? ?€? ?€? ?€? (17,807 ) (17,807 ) Retirement of treasury stock ?€? (50 ) ?€? 50,000 (49,950 ) ?€? ?€? Balance as of March 31, 2019 $ ?€? $ 206 $ 37,329 $ (2,717 ) $ 481,901 $ (43,170 ) $ 473,549 Series A Preferred Stock Common Stock Warrants Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in-Capital Retained Deficit Total Stockholders?€? Equity Balance as of December 31, 2017 $ ?€? $ 253 $ 37,329 $ (1,603 ) $ 524,755 $ (75,147 ) $ 485,587 Share-based compensation ?€? 1 ?€? ?€? 2,795 ?€? 2,796 Acquisition of treasury stock ?€? ?€? ?€? (459 ) ?€? ?€? (459 ) Net income ?€? ?€? ?€? ?€? ?€? 4,004 4,004 Balance as of March 31, 2018 $ ?€? $ 254 $ 37,329 $ (2,062 ) $ 527,550 $ (71,143 ) $ 491,928 MIDSTATES PETROLEUM COMPANY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019 2018 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) $ (17,807 ) $ 4,004 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Losses on commodity derivative contracts?€?net 7,732 3,939 Net cash received (paid) for commodity derivative contracts not designated as hedging instruments 769 (160 ) Asset retirement accretion 157 297 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization 11,794 15,213 Impairment in carrying value of oil and gas properties 9,653 ?€? Share-based compensation, net of amounts capitalized to oil and gas properties 966 2,210 Amortization of deferred financing costs 174 108 Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable?€?oil and gas sales 3,573 1,293 Accounts receivable?€?JIB and other 1,613 (663 ) Other current and noncurrent assets (1,529 ) (1,750 ) Accounts payable 1,044 (1,467 ) Accrued liabilities (4,972 ) (869 ) Other (2 ) (8 ) Net cash provided by operating activities $ 13,165 $ 22,147 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investment in property and equipment $ (9,527 ) $ (31,758 ) Net cash used in investing activities $ (9,527 ) $ (31,758 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Repayment of revolving credit facility $ (3,000 ) $ (50,000 ) Proceeds from revolving credit facility 39,000 ?€? Repurchase of restricted stock for tax withholdings (262 ) (459 ) Common stock repurchased and retired (50,000 ) ?€? Net cash used in financing activities $ (14,262 ) $ (50,459 ) NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS $ (10,624 ) $ (60,070 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period $ 11,341 $ 68,498 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 717 $ 8,428 SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: Non-cash transactions ?€? investments in property and equipment accrued ?€? not paid $ 3,552 $ 18,508 Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest of $0.1 million, respectively $ 664 $ 1,785 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities $ 4,857 $ ?€? MIDSTATES PETROLEUM COMPANY, INC. SELECTED FINANCIAL AND OPERATING STATISTICS For the Three Months March 31, For the Three Months Ended December 31, 2019 2018 2018 Operating Data ?€? Mississippian Lime: Net production volumes: Oil (Bbls/day) 3,381 4,564 4,463 NGLs (Bbls/day) 3,538 3,644 4,194 Natural gas (Mcf/day) 37,919 43,857 46,161 Total oil equivalents (MBoe) 1,191 1,397 1,505 Average daily production (Boe/day) 13,239 15,518 16,351 Operating Data ?€? Anadarko Basin: Net production volumes: Oil (Bbls/day) ?€? 1,207 ?€? NGLs (Bbls/day) ?€? 1,065 ?€? Natural gas (MMcf) ?€? 8,671 ?€? Total oil equivalents (MBoe) ?€? 334 ?€? Average daily production (Boe/day) ?€? 3,717 ?€? Operating Data - Combined: Net production volumes: Oil (Bbls/day) 3,381 5,771 4,463 NGLs (Bbls/day) 3,538 4,709 4,194 Natural gas (Mcf/day) 37,919 52,528 46,161 Total oil equivalents (MBoe) 1,191 1,731 1,505 Average daily production (Boe/day) 13,239 19,235 16,351 Average Sales Prices: Oil, without realized derivatives (per Bbl) $53.65 $62.41 $58.73 Oil, with realized derivatives (per Bbl) $57.00 $59.57 $63.64 Natural gas liquids, without realized derivatives (per Bbl) $19.52 $26.04 $23.57 Natural gas liquids, with realized derivatives (per Bbl) $19.52 $26.04 $23.57 Natural gas, without realized derivatives (per Mcf) $1.94 $1.76 $2.35 Natural gas, with realized derivatives (per Mcf) $1.86 $2.04 $1.93 Costs and Expenses (per Boe of production): Lease operating $6.82 $6.83 $6.27 Workover $0.72 $1.73 $0.78 Gathering and transportation $0.02 $0.03 $0.04 Severance and other taxes $1.62 $1.65 $1.78 Asset retirement accretion $0.13 $0.17 $0.10 Depreciation, depletion and amortization $9.91 $8.79 $9.85 Impairment of oil and gas properties $8.10 $?€? $?€? General and administrative $5.40 $5.70 $3.20 MIDSTATES PETROLEUM COMPANY, INC. ADJUSTED EBITDA (In thousands) (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended March 31, For the Three Months Ended December 31, 2019 2018 2018 Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss) reconciliation: Net income (loss) $ (17,807 ) $ 4,004 $ 35,807 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 11,794 15,213 14,818 Impairment in carrying value of oil and gas properties 9,653 ?€? ?€? Losses (gains) on commodity derivative contracts?€?net 7,732 3,939 (25,425 ) Net cash received (paid) for commodity derivative contracts not designated as hedging instruments 769 (160 ) 203 Income tax expense ?€? ?€? ?€? Interest income (5 ) (19 ) (5 ) Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized 937 1,827 713 Asset retirement obligation accretion 157 297 152 Share-based compensation, net of amounts capitalized 966 2,210 1,078 Adjusted EBITDA $ 14,196 $ 27,311 $ 27,341 Lagging costs associated with restructuring $ 21 $ 37 $ 208 Costs incurred for strategic reviews 77 2,321 280 Advisory costs ?€? ?€? ?€? Adjusted EBITDA before restructuring and advisory costs $ 14,294 $ 29,669 $ 27,829 MIDSTATES PETROLEUM COMPANY, INC. CASH OPERATING EXPENSES (In thousands) (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended March 31, For the Three Months Ended December 31, 2019 2018 2018 Operating Expenses ?€? GAAP $ 38,984 $ 43,093 $ 33,128 Adjustments for certain non-cash items: Asset retirement accretion 157 297 152 Share-based compensation, net 966 2,210 1,078 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 11,794 15,213 14,818 Impairment of oil and gas properties 9,653 ?€? ?€? Cash Operating Expenses ?€? Non-GAAP $ 16,414 $ 25,373 $ 17,080 Cash Operating Expenses ?€? Non-GAAP per BOE $ 13.78 $ 14.66 $ 11.35 Advisory fees $ ?€? $ ?€? $ ?€? Advisory fees, per BOE $ ?€? $ ?€? $ ?€? Lagging costs associated with restructuring $ 21 $ 37 $ 208 Lagging costs associated with restructuring, per BOE $ 0.02 $ 0.02 $ 0.14 Severance costs $ 1,155 $ 1,596 $ ?€? Severance costs, per BOE $ 0.97 $ 0.92 $ ?€? Costs incurred for strategic reviews $ 77 $ 2,321 $ 280 Costs incurred for strategic reviews, per BOE $ 0.06 $ 1.34 $ 0.19 Adjusted Cash Operating Expenses ?€? Non-GAAP $ 15,161 21,419 $ 16,592 Adjusted Cash Operating Expenses ?€? Non-GAAP per BOE $ 12.73 $ 12.37 $ 11.02 MIDSTATES PETROLEUM COMPANY, INC. ADJUSTED CASH GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES (In thousands) (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended March 31, For the Three Months Ended December 31, 2019 2018 2018 General and Administrative Expenses ?€? GAAP $ 6,438 $ 9,857 $ 4,805 Adjustments for certain non-cash and non-recurring items: Share-based compensation, net (966 ) (2,210 ) (1,078 ) Capitalized general and administrative expenses ?€? 663 29 Severance costs (1,155 ) (1,596 ) ?€? Costs incurred for strategic reviews (77 ) (2,321 ) (280 ) Advisory costs included in general and administrative expenses ?€? (37 ) (208 ) Adjusted Cash General and Administrative Expenses ?€? Non-GAAP $ 4,240 $ 4,356 $ 3,268 Adjusted Cash General and Administrative Expenses ?€? Non-GAAP per BOE $ 3.56 $ 2.52 $ 2.17
American River Bankshares [NASDAQ-GS: AMRB] is the parent company of American River Bank, a regional bank serving Northern California since 1983. We provide financial expertise and exceptional service to complement a full suite of banking products and services to meet the needs of the communities we serve.
. Founded in 2000, Ameresco, Inc. is a leading independent provider of comprehensive services, energy efficiency, infrastructure upgrades, asset sustainability and renewable energy solutions for businesses and organizations throughout North America and Europe. Ameresco?€?s sustainability services include upgrades to a facility?€?s energy infrastructure and the development, construction and operation of renewable energy plants. Ameresco has successfully completed energy saving, environmentally responsible projects with Federal, state and local governments, healthcare and educational institutions, housing authorities, and commercial and industrial customers. With its corporate headquarters in Framingham, MA, Ameresco has more than 1,000 employees providing local expertise in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom.
Ameri Holdings Inc
Ameri Holdings Inc - Warrants (08/11/2023)
Founded in 1965,??A-Mark Precious Metals, Inc.?? is a leading full-service precious metals trading company and wholesaler of gold, silver, platinum and palladium bullion and related products. The company?€?s global customer base includes sovereign and private mints, manufacturers and fabricators, refiners, dealers, financial institutions, industrial users, investors, collectors, and e-commerce and other retail customers. The company conducts its operations through three complementary segments: Wholesale Trading & Ancillary Services, Secured Lending, and Direct Sales. A-Mark operates several business units in its Wholesale Trading & Ancillary Services segment, including Industrial, Coin and Bar, Trading and Finance, Storage, Logistics, and the Mint (as more fully described below). Its Industrial??unit services manufacturers and fabricators of products utilizing precious metals, while its Coin and Bar unit deals in over 200 different products for distribution to dealers and other qualified purchasers. As a??U.S.??Mint-authorized purchaser of gold, silver and platinum coins, A-Mark purchases bullion products directly from the??U.S.??Mint for sale to customers. A-Mark also has distributorships with other sovereign mints, including Australia, Austria, Canada, China, Mexico, South Africa and the United Kingdom. Through its Transcontinental Depository Services??subsidiary, A-Mark provides customers with a variety of managed storage options for precious metals worldwide. Through its A-M Global Logistics subsidiary, A-Mark provides customers an array of complementary services, including receiving, handling, inventorying, processing, packaging and shipping of precious metals and custom coins on a secure basis. A-Mark also holds a majority stake in a joint venture that owns the minting operations known as??SilverTowne Mint??(Mint), which designs and produces minted silver products which provide greater product selection to customers, price stability within the supply chain as well as more secured access to silver during volatile market environments. The company operates its Secured Lending segment through its wholly-owned subsidiaries,??Collateral Finance Corporation??( CFC ) and??AM Capital Funding, LLC??(AMCF). Founded in 2005, CFC is a??licensed finance lender that originates and acquires loans secured by bullion and numismatic coins. Its customers include coin and precious metal dealers, investors, and collectors. AMCF was formed in 2018 for the purpose of securitizing eligible secured loans of CFC. A-Mark operates its Direct Sales segment primarily through its wholly-owned subsidiary Goldline Inc.??(Goldline), a direct retailer of precious metals for the investor community. Goldline markets A-Mark?€?s precious metal products through various channels, including radio, television, and the Internet. A-Mark is headquartered in??El Segundo, California, with offices and facilities in??Los Angeles, California,??Vienna, Austria,??Las Vegas, Nevada, and??Winchester, Indiana.
Amarin Corporation plc is a rapidly growing, innovative pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapeutics to cost-effectively improve cardiovascular health. Amarin?€?s lead product, VASCEPA ?? (icosapent ethyl), is available by prescription in the United States, Canada, Lebanon and the United Arab Emirates. VASCEPA is not yet approved and available in any other countries. Amarin, on its own or together with its commercial partners in select geographies, is pursuing additional regulatory approvals for VASCEPA in China, Europe and the Middle East.
Amyris is a science and technology leader in the research, development and production of sustainable ingredients for the Sustainable Health, Clean Beauty and Flavors & Fragrances markets. Amyris uses an impressive array of exclusive technologies, including state-of-the-art machine learning, robotics and artificial intelligence. Our ingredients are included in over 3,000 products from the world's top brands, reaching more than 200 million consumers. Amyris is proud to own three consumer brands - all built around its No Compromise?? promise of clean ingredients: Biossance??? clean beauty skincare, Pipette??? clean baby skincare and Purecane???, a zero-calorie sweetener naturally derived from sugarcane.
Amneal Pharmaceuticals Inc. Class A
American Shared Hospital Services provides turnkey technology solutions for advanced radiosurgical and radiation therapy services. AMS is the world leader in providing Gamma Knife radiosurgery equipment, a non-invasive treatment for malignant and benign brain tumors, vascular malformations and trigeminal neuralgia (facial pain). The Company also offers proton therapy, and the latest IGRT, IMRT and MR Linac systems.
American Superconductor Corporation (AMSC) is a provider of megawatt-scale solutions that lower the cost of wind power and enhance the performance of the power grid. It operates in two business units: Wind and Grid. Wind business segment enables manufacturers to field wind turbines with power output, reliability and affordability. Grid business segment enables electric utilities and renewable energy project developers to connect, transmit and distribute power with efficiency, reliability and affordability. The Company's wind and power grid products and services provide reliability, security, efficiency and affordability to its customers. The Company manufactures products using two core technologies: PowerModule programmable power electronic converters and its Amperium HTS (High Temperature Superconductor) wires.
AMERISAFE, Inc. (AMERISAFE) is an insurance holding company. The Company is a specialty provider of workers' compensation insurance focused on small to mid-sized employers engaged in hazardous industries, principally construction, trucking and agriculture. It provides coverage to employers under state and federal workers' compensation laws. In addition to its voluntary workers' compensation business, it underwrites workers' compensation policies for employers assigned to it and assumes reinsurance premiums from mandatory pooling arrangements. The Company sells its workers' compensation insurance through agencies. As of December 31, 2012, its insurance was sold through more than 3,200 independent agencies and its wholly owned insurance agency subsidiary, Amerisafe General Agency. AMERISAFE's subsidiaries include American Interstate Insurance Company (AIIC) and its insurance subsidiaries, Silver Oak Casualty, Inc. (SOCI) and American Interstate Insurance Company of Texas (AIIC-TX).
Amesite Operating Company
Atlanta-based American Software, Inc., through its operating entities delivers an innovative technical platform with AI-powered capabilities for supply chain management and advanced retail planning that is accelerating digital supply chain optimization from product concept to customer availability. Logility, Inc. is helping large enterprise companies transform their supply chain operations to gain a competitive advantage. Recognized for its high-touch approach to customer service, rapid implementations and industry-leading return on investment (ROI), Logility customers include Big Lots, Husqvarna Group, Parker Hannifin, Sonoco Products and Red Wing Shoe Company. Demand Management, Inc. delivers affordable, easy-to-use supply chain planning solutions designed to increase forecast accuracy, improve customer service and reduce inventory to maximize profits and lower costs. Demand Management serves customers such as Siemens Healthcare, AutomationDirect.com and Newfoundland Labrador Liquor Corporation. New Generation Computing, Inc. powers the digital supply chain to enable apparel brand owners and retailers to maximize revenue and profit by accelerating lead times, streamlining product development, and optimizing sourcing and distribution. NGC customers include Brooks Brothers, Carter?€?s, Destination XL, Fanatics, Foot Locker, Jockey International, Lacoste and Spanx. The comprehensive American Software supply chain and retail planning portfolio delivered in the cloud includes advanced analytics, supply chain visibility, demand, inventory and replenishment planning, Sales and Operations Planning (S&OP), Integrated Business Planning (IBP), supply and inventory optimization, manufacturing planning and scheduling, retail merchandise and assortment planning and allocation, product lifecycle management (PLM), sourcing management, vendor quality and compliance, and product traceability.
American Tower, one of the largest global REITs, is a leading independent owner, operator and developer of multitenant communications real estate with a portfolio of approximately 181,000 communications sites.
Mercantil Bank Holding Corporation Class A Common Stock
Mercantil Bank Holding Corporation Class B Common Stock
Applied Molecular Transport Inc
ETRACS Alerian Midstream Energy Total Return Index ETN
No Description Available
American Woodmark Corporation manufactures and distributes kitchen, bath and home organization products for the remodeling and new home construction markets. Its products are sold on a national basis directly to home centers, builders and through a network of independent dealers and distributors. At July 31, 2020, the Company operated seventeen manufacturing facilities in the United States and Mexico and eight primary service centers located throughout the United States. Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures We have presented certain financial measures in this press release which have not been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Definitions of our non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP are provided below following the financial highlights under the heading "Non-GAAP Financial Measures."
American Well Corporation - Class A
Am??rica M??vil, S.A.B. de C.V. provides telecommunications services in the United States, Latin America, and the Caribbean. It offers mobile and fixed voice services, including airtime, local, domestic, and international long-distance services, as well as network interconnection and public telephony services. The company also provides data, messaging, Web browsing, mobile entertainment, enterprise mobility services, and corporate network services, as well as data services, such as data transmission, email services, instant messaging, content streaming, and interactive applications. In addition, it offers handsets, smartphones, broadband cards, tablets, and netbooks; accessories, such as chargers, headsets, and batteries; push-to-talk services; and other wireless services that include PC and wireless security, machine-to-machine services, field communication services, mobile payment solutions, mobile applications, and VPN services, as well as Oficina M??vil Telcel, a services suite to enhance applications, video calls, and mobile banking. Further, the company provides video, music, radio, online gaming, and applications; advertising, e-commerce, and digital marketing services; application development services for mobile devices; digital discount coupons; and social media solutions, as well as publishes and distributes yellow and white pages directories. Additionally, it sells computers, telecommunications equipment, and accessories; rents high-speed data lines to businesses and other telecommunications providers; offers billing and collection services, satellite data and packet-switched data transmission services, frame relay, and message-handling systems; satellite solutions; and provides cable pay television, call center, pay per view and additional programming, and advertising services. The company markets its products and services through distributors and retail chains. Am??rica M??vil, S.A.B. de C.V. was founded in 2000 and is based in Mexico City, Mexico.
Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon.
AutoNation, America's largest and most recognized automotive retailer, is transforming the automotive industry through its bold leadership, innovation, and comprehensive brand extensions. As of September 30, 2020, AutoNation owned and operated over 325 locations from coast to coast. AutoNation has sold over 12 million vehicles, the first automotive retailer to reach this milestone. AutoNation's success is driven by a commitment to delivering a peerless experience through customer-focused sales and service processes. Since 2013, AutoNation has raised $25 million to drive out cancer, create awareness, and support critical research through its DRIVE PINK initiative, which was officially branded in 2015.
AnaptysBio is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing first-in-class antibody product candidates focused on emerging immune control mechanisms applicable to inflammation and immuno-oncology indications. The Company?€?s proprietary anti-inflammatory pipeline includes its anti-IL-36R antibody imsidolimab, previously referred to as ANB019, for the treatment of rare inflammatory diseases, including generalized pustular psoriasis, or GPP, palmoplantar pustulosis, or PPP, EGFRi and ichthyosis; its anti-PD-1 agonist program, ANB030, for treatment of certain autoimmune diseases where immune checkpoint receptors are insufficiently activated; its BTLA modulator program, ANB032, which is broadly applicable to human inflammatory diseases associated with lymphoid and myeloid immune cell dysregulation; and its anti-IL-33 antibody etokimab, previously referred to as ANB020, for the treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps, or CRSwNP, and eosinophilic asthma. AnaptysBio?€?s antibody pipeline has been developed using its proprietary somatic hypermutation, or SHM platform, which uses in vitro SHM for antibody discovery and is designed to replicate key features of the human immune system to overcome the limitations of competing antibody discovery technologies. AnaptysBio has also developed multiple therapeutic antibodies in an immuno-oncology collaboration with GlaxoSmithKline, including an anti-PD-1 antagonist antibody (dostarlimab GSK4057190A), an anti-TIM-3 antagonist antibody (cobolimab, GSK4069889A) and an anti-LAG-3 antagonist antibody (GSK4074386), and an inflammation collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb, including an anti-PD-1 checkpoint agonist antibody (CC-90006) currently in clinical development. Contact: Dennis Mulroy AnaptysBio, Inc. 858.732.0201 dmulroy@anaptysbio.com
American National is a family of companies. American National Insurance Company, founded in 1905 and headquartered in Galveston, Texas, and other American National subsidiaries offer a broad portfolio of products and services, which include life insurance, annuities, property and casualty insurance, health insurance, credit insurance, and pension products. The American National companies operate in all 50 states. American National established a dedicated property and casualty division in 1973 with American National Property And Casualty Company, Springfield, MO. This company serves 38 states not including NY. To better serve the unique insurance needs of the agricultural market, American National acquired the Farm Family group of insurance companies based in NY in 2001.
Anchiano Therapeutics Ltd - ADR
Andina Acquisition Corp. III (NASDAQ: ANDA, ANDAW, and ANDAU) is a blank check company for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities.
Andina Acquisition Corp III
Andina Acquisition Corp II

The Andersons, Inc. is a diversified company engaged in agriculture business. The Company conducts business across North America in the grain, ethanol, and plant nutrient sectors, railcar leasing, turf and cob products, and consumer retailing. The Company operates in six segments: grain, ethanol, rail, plant nutrient, turf and specialty, and retail. The principal grains sold by the Company are yellow corn, yellow soybeans and soft red and white wheat. As of December 31, 2012, storage capacity at the Company's wholesale nutrient and farm center facilities was approximately 470,000 tons for dry nutrients and approximately 400,000 tons for liquid nutrients. Effective August 12, 2013, The Andersons Inc acquired a minority stake in eWeatherRisk Inc, a provider of online weather risk management services. In September 2013, the Company announced that it has completed the purchase of Mile Rail, LLC, a railcar repair and cleaning provider.
Arista Networks is an industry leader in software-driven cloud networking solutions for large data center and campus environments. Arista?€?s award-winning platforms deliver availability, agility, automation analytics and security through CloudVision ?? and Arista EOS ??, an advanced network operating system.
Abercrombie & Fitch Co. is a leading, global specialty retailer of apparel and accessories for Men, Women and Kids through three renowned brands. For more than 125 years, the iconic Abercrombie & Fitch brand has outfitted innovators, explorers and entrepreneurs. Today, the brand reflects the updated attitude of modern consumer, while remaining true to its heritage of creating expertly crafted products with an effortless, American style. The Hollister brand epitomizes the liberating and carefree spirit of the endless California summer for the teen market. abercrombie kids creates smart, playful apparel for children ages 5-14, celebrating the wide-eyed wonder of childhood. The brands share a commitment to offering products of enduring quality and exceptional comfort that allow consumers around the world to express their own individuality and style. The Company operates approximately 850 stores under these brands across North America, Europe, Asia and the Middle East, as well as the e-commerce sites www.abercrombie.com and www.hollisterco.com.
Angie's List, Inc. (Angie's List) operates a consumer-driven service for members to research, hire, rate and review local professionals for critical needs, such as home, health care and automotive services. As of December 31, 2012, the Company offered its service to approximately 1.7 million paying members in 219 local markets in the United States. The Company helps consumers purchase high cost of failure services in an extremely fragmented local marketplace. These services, which include home remodeling, plumbing, roof repair, health care and automobile repair. The Company's ratings are based on reviews from the Company's members and the Company accepts no anonymous reviews. The Company's typical member is between the ages of 35 and 64, is married, owns a home, is college educated and has an annual household income of at least $100,000. In August 2013, the Company announced the acquisition of online start-up SmartHabitat Inc.
AngioDynamics, Inc. is a leading provider of innovative, minimally invasive medical devices used by professional healthcare providers for vascular access, peripheral vascular disease, and oncology. AngioDynamics?€? diverse product lines include market-leading ablation systems, vascular access products, angiographic products and accessories, drainage products, thrombolytic products and venous products.
We are an externally-managed mortgage real estate investment trust (?€?REIT?€?). We invest primarily in mortgage-backed securities that are either rated ?€?investment grade?€? or are guaranteed by federally sponsored enterprises, such as Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. We seek to generate income for distribution to our shareholders primarily based on the difference between the yield on our mortgage assets and the cost of our borrowings. We are managed by Anworth Management LLC (our ?€?Manager?€?), pursuant to a management agreement. Our Manager is subject to the supervision and direction of our Board and is responsible for (i) the selection, purchase, and sale of our investment portfolio; (ii) our financing and hedging activities; and (iii) providing us with portfolio management, administrative, and other services and activities relating to our assets and operations as may be appropriate. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ?€?ANH.?€? Anworth Mortgage Asset Corporation is a component of the Russell 2000?? Index.
Anworth Mortgage Asset Corporation Series A Preferred Stock
Anworth Mortgage Asset Corporation Preferred Stock Series B 6.25%
Anworth Mortgage Asset Corporation 7.625% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Anika Therapeutics, Inc., is a global joint preservation company that creates and delivers meaningful advancements in early intervention orthopedic care. We partner with physicians to understand what they need most to treat their patients and we develop minimally invasive products that restore active living for people around the world. We are committed to leading in high opportunity spaces within orthopedics, including osteoarthritis pain management, regenerative solutions, soft tissue repair and bone preserving joint technologies.
ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is an integrated specialty pharmaceutical company developing, manufacturing, and marketing branded and generic prescription pharmaceuticals. In two facilities with combined manufacturing, packaging and laboratory capacity totaling 173, 00 square feet, the Company manufactures oral solid dose products, as well as liquids and topicals, including narcotics. Its other products include The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved testosterone gel, which is licensed to Teva Pharmaceuticals USA. The Company performs contract manufacturing for other pharmaceutical companies. It has launched three products and has 11 products in development. The Company's targeted areas of product development include narcotics, anti-cancers and hormones (potent compounds), and extended release niche generic product opportunities.
Anixa is a publicly-traded biotechnology company developing a number of programs addressing cancer and infectious disease. Anixa's therapeutic portfolio includes a cancer immunotherapy program which uses a novel type of CAR-T, known as chimeric endocrine receptor T-cell (CER-T) technology, and a Covid-19 therapeutics program focused on inhibiting certain viral protein function. The company's vaccine portfolio consists of a technology focused on the immunization against ??-Lactalbumin to prevent triple negative breast cancer (TNBC). Anixa continually examines emerging technologies in complementary fields for further development and commercialization.
Annexon is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a pipeline of novel therapies for patients with classical complement-mediated disorders of the body, brain and eye. The company?€?s pipeline is based on its platform technology addressing well-researched classical complement-mediated autoimmune and neurodegenerative disease processes, both of which are triggered by aberrant activation of C1q, the initiating molecule of the classical complement pathway. The company?€?s first product candidate, ANX005, is a full-length monoclonal antibody formulated for intravenous administration in autoimmune and neurodegenerative disorders. The company?€?s second product candidate, ANX007, is a monoclonal antibody Fab formulated for intravitreal administration for the treatment of neurodegenerative ophthalmic disorders. Annexon is advancing its current programs while evaluating additional orphan and large market indications. Annexon is deploying a disciplined, biomarker-driven development strategy designed to establish that its product candidates are engaging the target at a well-tolerated therapeutic dose in the intended patient tissue.
AnPac BioMedical Science Company Ltd ADR
ANSYS, Inc. (ANSYS) develops and globally markets engineering simulation software and services widely used by engineers, designers, researchers and students across a spectrum of industries and academia, including aerospace, automotive, manufacturing, electronics, biomedical, energy and defense. . The Company distributes its ANSYS suite of simulation technologies through a global network of independent resellers and distributors (collectively, channel partners) and direct sales offices in strategic, global locations. On August 1, 2012, the Company completed its acquisition of Esterel Technologies, S.A. (Esterel). In April 2013, it acquired EVEN - Evolutionary Engineering AG.
AirMedia Group Inc is a holding company. The Company is an operator of out-of-home advertising platforms in China. As of March 1, 2012, the Company operated approximately 3,368 digital frames in 34 airports, 1,367 of which were standalone digital frames, including 108-inch liquid crystal display (LCD) screens and light emitting diode (LED) screens, and 2,001 of which were television (TV)-attached digital frames and digital TV screens in 36 airports, including the six airports in China: Beijing Capital International airport, Guangzhou Baiyun International airport, Shanghai Pudong International airport, Shanghai Hongqiao International airport, Chengdu Shuangliu International airport and Shenzhen Bao'an International airport. Its digital frames include standalone digital frames and TV-attached digital frames. Standalone digital frames display advertisements on vertical or horizontal display panels ranging in size from 40 to 108 inches.
Anthem is a leading health benefits company dedicated to improving lives and communities, and making healthcare simpler. Through its affiliated companies, Anthem serves more than 107 million people, including approximately 43 million within its family of health plans. We aim to be the most innovative, valuable and inclusive partner.
ANV Security Group, Inc. (ANVS) is specialized in product research and development, software solutions, technologies for network video surveillance and video alarm service platforms. ANVS has developed products of Internet protocol (IP) camera and digital video server (DVS), as well as network video recorder (NVR), digital video recorder (DVR) and closed circuit television (CCTV) camera. It has also developed the automatic video alarm platform www.usci8.com. The Company operates in three segments: Product Segment, Solution Segment and Service Segment. It manufactures components of video surveillance products. It also designs software and manufacture most of the hardware products independently. During the year ended December 31, 2011, it acquired four companies, which included Jinan Hualutong Technology Co., Ltd., Shijiazhuang Huilin Technology Co., Ltd., TaianComins Electronic Technology Co., Ltd and Shenyang Huashengshiji Trading Co., Ltd.
Sphere 3D Corp.?? delivers containerization, virtualization, and data management solutions via hybrid cloud, cloud and on-premise implementations through its global reseller network and professional services organization. Sphere 3D has a portfolio of brands, including HVE ConneXions, UCX ConneXions, and SnapServer?? dedicated to helping customers achieve their IT goals.
Aon plc is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.

One
One - Warrants (17/08/2025)
A. O. Smith Corporation manufactures and markets water heaters and boilers to the residential and commercial end markets primarily in the United States, Canada, China, Europe, India, and the Middle East. It operates in two segments, North America and Rest of World. The company offers electric, natural gas, gas tankless, and liquid propane model water heaters, as well as solar tank units for applications in residences, restaurants, hotels and motels, laundries, car washes, and small businesses; and residential boilers, as well as commercial boilers primarily for space heating applications in hospitals, schools, hotels, and other large commercial buildings. It also provides expansion tanks, commercial solar water heating systems, swimming pool and spa heaters, and related products and parts. The company sells its products through independent wholesale plumbing distributors, hardware and home center chains, and manufacturer representative firms. It sells water heaters to approximately 7,000 retail outlets, as well as water treatment products to 4,500 retail outlets in China. The company is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Limited, or AOS, is a designer, developer and global supplier of a broad range of power semiconductors, including a wide portfolio of Power MOSFET, IGBT, IPM, TVS, HVIC, GaN/SiC, Power IC and Digital Power products. AOS has developed extensive intellectual property and technical knowledge that encompasses the latest advancements in the power semiconductor industry, which enables us to introduce innovative products to address the increasingly complex power requirements of advanced electronics. AOS differentiates itself by integrating its Discrete and IC semiconductor process technology, product design, and advanced packaging know-how to develop high performance power management solutions. AOS?€? portfolio of products targets high-volume applications, including portable computers, graphic cards, flat-panel TVs, home appliances, smart phones, battery packs, consumer and industrial motor controls and power supplies for TVs, computers, servers, and telecommunications equipment.
American Outdoor Brands Inc
Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation manufactures and sells highly engineered, high-performance specialty metal products and customized equipment utilized by industry throughout the world. Through its operating subsidiary, Union Electric Steel Corporation, it is a leading producer of forged and cast rolls for the global steel and aluminum industry. It also manufactures open-die forged products that principally are sold to customers in the steel distribution market, oil and gas industry, and the aluminum and plastic extrusion industries. The Corporation is also a producer of air and liquid processing equipment, primarily custom-engineered finned tube heat exchange coils, large custom air handling systems, and centrifugal pumps. It operates manufacturing facilities in the United States, England, Sweden, Slovenia, and participates in three operating joint ventures located in China. It has sales offices in North and South America, Asia, Europe, and the Middle East. Corporate headquarters is located in Carnegie, Pennsylvania.
Ampco-Pittsburgh Corp - Warrants (01/08/2025)
Apache Corporation is an oil and gas exploration and production company with operations in the United States, Egypt and the United Kingdom, and exploration activities offshore Suriname.
Artisan Partners is a global investment management firm that provides a broad range of high value-added investment strategies to sophisticated clients around the world. Since 1994, the firm has been committed to attracting experienced, disciplined investment professionals to manage client assets. Artisan Partners?€? autonomous investment teams oversee a diverse range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes. Strategies are offered through various investment vehicles to accommodate a broad range of client mandates.
Air Products is a world-leading industrial gases company in operation for 80 years. Focused on serving energy, environment and emerging markets, the Company provides essential industrial gases, related equipment and applications expertise to customers in dozens of industries, including refining, chemical, metals, electronics, manufacturing, and food and beverage. Air Products is also the global leader in the supply of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment. The Company develops, engineers, builds, owns and operates some of the world's largest industrial gas projects, including: gasification projects that sustainably convert abundant natural resources into syngas for the production of high-value power, fuels and chemicals; carbon capture projects; and world-scale carbon-free hydrogen projects supporting global transportation and the energy transition. The Company had fiscal 2020 sales of $8.9 billion from operations in 50 countries and has a current market capitalization of about $60 billion. More than 19,000 passionate, talented and committed employees from diverse backgrounds are driven by Air Products' higher purpose to create innovative solutions that benefit the environment, enhance sustainability and address the challenges facing customers, communities, and the world.
Applied DNA is a provider of molecular technologies that enable supply chain security, anti-counterfeiting and anti-theft technology, product genotyping, and pre-clinical nucleic acid-based therapeutic drug candidates.
American Public Education, Inc. is a leading provider of higher learning dedicated to preparing students all over the world for excellence in service, leadership and achievement. APEI offers respected, innovative and affordable academic programs and services to students, universities and partner organizations through wholly owned subsidiaries: American Public University System and National Education Seminars Inc., which we refer to in this press release as Hondros College of Nursing. Together, these institutions serve more than 88,000 adult learners worldwide and offer more than 220 degree and certificate programs in fields ranging from homeland security, military studies, intelligence, and criminal justice to technology, business administration, public health, nursing and liberal arts.

Cherokee Global Brands is a global brand ownership and marketing organization that manages, creates and elevates a growing portfolio of high-equity fashion lifestyle and sports lifestyle brands. The brand portfolio spans multiple consumer product categories and retail tiers around the world and includes Hi-Tec??, Magnum??, 50 Peaks??, Interceptor??, Cherokee??, Tony Hawk??, Liz Lange??, Point Cove??, Everyday California?? & Sideout??. The Company currently maintains license agreements with leading retailers and manufacturers that span over 110 countries in 12,000 retail locations and digital commerce.
APi Group Corp
Amphenol is one of the world?€?s largest designers, manufacturers and marketers of electrical, electronic and fiber optic connectors, interconnect systems, antennas, sensors and sensor-based products and coaxial and high-speed specialty cable. Amphenol designs, manufactures and assembles its products at facilities in the Americas, Europe, Asia, Australia and Africa and sells its products through its own global sales force, independent representatives and a global network of electronics distributors. Amphenol has a diversified presence as a leader in high growth areas of the interconnect market including: Automotive, Broadband Communications, Commercial Aerospace, Industrial, Information Technology and Data Communications, Military, Mobile Devices and Mobile Networks.
Aphria Inc. is a leading global cannabis company inspiring and empowering the worldwide community to live their very best life. Headquartered in Leamington, Ontario ?€? the greenhouse capital of Canada ?€? Aphria Inc. has been setting the standard for the low-cost production of high-quality cannabis at scale, grown in the most natural conditions possible. Focusing on untapped opportunities and backed by the latest technologies, Aphria Inc. is committed to bringing breakthrough innovation to the global cannabis market. The Company's portfolio of brands is grounded in expertly researched consumer insights designed to meet the needs of every consumer segment. Rooted in our founders' multi-generational expertise in commercial agriculture, Aphria Inc. drives sustainable long-term shareholder value through a diversified approach to innovation, strategic partnerships, and global expansion.
Agora's mission is to make Real-Time Engagement ubiquitous, allowing everyone to interact with anyone, in any application, anytime and anywhere. Agora's platform provides developers simple, flexible, and powerful application programming interfaces, or APIs, to embed real-time video and voice engagement experiences into their applications. SOURCE Agora Related Links http://www.agora.io
Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. is a publicly traded real estate investment trust (?€?REIT?€?) that owns one of the largest and most diverse portfolios of upscale, rooms-focused hotels in the United States. Apple Hospitality?€?s portfolio consists of 235 hotels with more than 30,000 guest rooms located in 87 markets throughout 34 states. Concentrated with industry-leading brands, the Company?€?s portfolio consists of 104 Marriott-branded hotels, 126 Hilton-branded hotels, three Hyatt-branded hotels and two independent hotels.
Apellis Pharmaceuticals Inc - Ordinary Shares
Applied Therapeutics Inc Ordinary Shares
APPLIED MAGNETICS CORP
Apollo is a leading global alternative investment manager with offices in New York, Los Angeles, San Diego, Houston, Bethesda, London, Frankfurt, Madrid, Luxembourg, Mumbai, Delhi, Singapore, Hong Kong, Shanghai and Tokyo. Apollo had assets under management (AUM) of approximately $316 billion as of March 31, 2020 in Private Equity, Credit and Real Assets invested across a core group of nine industries where Apollo has considerable knowledge and resources.
Apollo Global Management LLC 6.375% Series A Preferred Shares
Apollo Global Management LLC 6.375% Series B Preferred Shares
Apogee Enterprises, Inc. delivers distinctive solutions for enclosing commercial buildings and framing art. Headquartered in Minneapolis, MN, we are a leader in architectural products and services, providing architectural glass, aluminum framing systems and installation services for buildings, as well as value-added glass and acrylic for custom picture framing and displays.
Ltd. Cellect Biotechnology (APOP) has developed a breakthrough technology, for the selection of stem cells from any given tissue, that aims to improve a variety of cell based therapies. The Company's technology is expected to provide researchers, clinical community, and pharma companies with the tools to rapidly isolate specific cells in quantity and quality allowing cell-based treatments and procedures in a wide variety of applications in regenerative medicine. The Company's current clinical trial is aimed at bone marrow transplantations in cancer treatment.

AppFolio offers industry-specific, cloud-based business software solutions, services, and data analytics to the real estate vertical. Today our products include AppFolio Property Manager, AppFolio Property Manager PLUS and AppFolio Investment Management. AppFolio was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Santa Barbara, CA.
Appian provides a low-code automation platform that accelerates the creation of high-impact business applications. Many of the world's largest organizations use Appian applications to improve customer experience, achieve operational excellence, and simplify global risk management and compliance.
Digital Turbine simplifies content discovery and delivers relevant content directly to consumer devices. The Company's on-demand media platform powers frictionless app and content discovery, user acquisition and engagement, operational efficiency and monetization opportunities. Digital Turbine's technology platform has been adopted by more than 40 mobile operators and OEMs worldwide, and has delivered more than three billion app preloads for tens of thousands of advertising campaigns. The company is headquartered in Austin, Texas, with global offices in Arlington, Durham, Mumbai, San Francisco, Singapore and Tel Aviv.
Aprea Therapeutics, Inc.??is a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in??Boston, Massachusetts??with research facilities in??Stockholm, Sweden, focused on developing and commercializing novel cancer therapeutics that reactivate??mutant tumor suppressor protein, p53. The Company?€?s lead product candidate is eprenetapopt (APR-246), a small molecule in clinical development for hematologic malignancies, including myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) and acute myeloid leukemia (AML). Eprenetapopt has received Breakthrough Therapy, Orphan Drug and Fast Track designations from the FDA for MDS, and Orphan Drug designation from the European Commission for MDS, AML and ovarian cancer. APR-548, a next generation small molecule reactivator of mutant p53, is being developed for oral administration.
Blue Apron's mission is to make incredible home cooking accessible to everyone. Launched in 2012, Blue Apron is reimagining the way that food is produced, distributed, and consumed, and as a result, building a better food system that benefits consumers, food producers, and the planet. Blue Apron has developed an integrated ecosystem that enables the company to work in a direct, coordinated manner with farmers and artisans to deliver high-quality products to customers nationwide at compelling values. All wine orders are shipped and sold by Blue Apron Wine, Napa, California.
Apollo Strategic Growth Capital - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. is the parent company of Alpha Pro Tech, Inc. and Alpha ProTech Engineered Products, Inc. Alpha Pro Tech, Inc. develops, manufactures and markets innovative disposable and limited-use protective apparel products for the industrial, clean room, medical and dental markets. Alpha ProTech Engineered Products, Inc. manufactures and markets a line of construction weatherization products, including building wrap and roof underlayment. The Company has manufacturing facilities in Salt Lake City, Utah; Nogales, Arizona; Valdosta, Georgia; and a joint venture in India.
Aptose Biosciences is a clinical-stage biotechnology company committed to developing personalized therapies addressing unmet medical needs in oncology, with an initial focus on hematology. The Company's small molecule cancer therapeutics pipeline includes products designed to provide single agent efficacy and to enhance the efficacy of other anti-cancer therapies and regimens without overlapping toxicities. The Company has two clinical-stage investigational products for hematologic malignancies: CG-806, an oral, first-in-class mutation-agnostic FLT3/BTK kinase inhibitor, is in a Phase 1 trial in patients with relapsed or refractory B cell malignancies, including chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL), who have failed or are intolerant to standard therapies, and is expected to start a separate Phase 1 trial in patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML); APTO-253, the only clinical stage agent that directly targets the MYC oncogene and suppresses its expression, is in a Phase 1b clinical trial for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML) or high risk myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS).
Preferred Apartment Communities, Inc. is a real estate investment trust engaged primarily in the ownership and operation of Class A multifamily properties, with select investments in grocery anchored shopping centers, Class A office buildings, and student housing properties. Preferred Apartment Communities' investment objective is to generate attractive, stable returns for stockholders by investing in income-producing properties and acquiring or originating real estate loans for multifamily properties. As of September 30, 2019, the Company owned 101 properties in 15 states, predominantly in the Southeast region of the United States.
Aptiv is a global technology company that develops safer, greener and more connected solutions, which enable the future of mobility. Headquartered in Gillingham, England, Aptiv has 147,000 employees and operates 14 technical centers, as well as manufacturing sites and customer support centers in 45 countries. Visit aptiv.com.

Aptinyx Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel, proprietary, synthetic small molecules for the treatment of brain and nervous system disorders.
Aptevo Therapeutics Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing novel immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Aptevo's lead clinical candidate, APVO436, and preclinical candidates, ALG.APV-527 and APVO603, were developed based on Aptevo's versatile and robust ADAPTIR??? modular protein technology platform. The ADAPTIR??? platform is capable of generating highly differentiated bispecific antibodies with unique mechanisms of action for the treatment of different types of cancer.
Asia Pacific Wire & Cable Corporation is principally engaged in the manufacture and distribution of telecommunications (copper and fiber optic) and power cable and enameled wire in the Asia Pacific region, primarily in Thailand, China, Singapore and Australia. The Company manufactures and distributes its own wire and cable products and also distributes wire and cable products manufactured by its principal shareholder, Pacific Electric Wire & Cable Company, a Taiwanese company. The Company also provides project engineering services in the supply, delivery and installation (?€?SDI?€?) of power cables to certain of its customers.

Apex Technology Acquisition Corp Units 1 Ord Class A & 12 War
Apex Technology Acquisition Corp Wt Exp 09302026
: Apyx Medical Corporation is an advanced energy technology company with a passion for elevating people?€?s lives through innovative products in the cosmetic and surgical markets. Known for its innovative Helium Plasma Technology, Apyx is solely focused on bringing transformative solutions to the physicians and patients it serves. The company?€?s Helium Plasma Technology is marketed and sold as Renuvion?? in the cosmetic surgery market and J-Plasma?? in the hospital surgical market. Renuvion?? offers surgeons and physicians a unique ability to provide controlled heat to the tissue to achieve their desired results. The J-Plasma?? system allows surgeons to operate with a high level of precision and virtually eliminating unintended tissue trauma. The Company also leverages its deep expertise and decades of experience in unique waveforms through original equipment manufacturing (OEM) agreements with other medical device manufacturers.
AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. is a leader in the field of land-based aquaculture and the use of technology for improving its productivity and sustainability. The Company?€?s objective is to ensure the availability of high-quality seafood to meet global consumer demand, while addressing critical production constraints in the most popular farmed species. The Company?€?s AquAdvantage fish program is based upon a single, specific molecular modification in fish that results in more rapid growth in early development. With aquaculture facilities located in Prince Edward Island, Canada, and Indiana, USA, AquaBounty is raising its disease-free, antibiotic-free salmon in land-based recirculating aquaculture systems, offering a reduced carbon footprint and no risk of pollution of marine ecosystems as compared to traditional sea-cage farming.
Aqua Metals, Inc. is reinventing lead recycling with its patented AquaRefining??? technology. Unlike smelting, AquaRefining is a room temperature, water-based process that emits less pollution. The modular systems are intended to allow the Company to vastly reduce environmental impact and scale lead acid battery recycling production capacity by licensing the AquaRefining technology to partners. This could help meet the growing demand for lead to power new applications including stop/start automobile batteries which complement the vehicle?€?s main battery, lead acid batteries which are in electric vehicles, Internet data centers, alternative energy applications including solar, wind, and grid scale storage. Aqua Metals is based in McCarran, Nevada.
Liberty Power APUC is a diversified international generation, transmission, and distribution utility with approximately $11 billion of total assets. Through its two business groups, Liberty Utilities and Liberty Power, APUC is committed to providing safe, secure, reliable, cost-effective, and sustainable energy and water solutions through its portfolio of electric generation, transmission, and distribution utility investments to over 1 million customer connections, largely in the United States and Canada. APUC is a global leader in renewable energy through its portfolio of long-term contracted wind, solar, and hydroelectric generating facilities representing over 2 GW of installed capacity and approximately 1.4 GW of incremental renewable energy capacity under construction. APUC is committed to delivering growth and the pursuit of operational excellence in a sustainable manner through an expanding global pipeline of renewable energy and electric transmission development projects, organic growth within its rate-regulated generation, distribution, and transmission businesses, and the pursuit of accretive acquisitions. APUC's common shares, Series A preferred shares, and Series D preferred shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbols AQN, AQN.PR.A, and AQN.PR.D, respectively. APUC's common shares, Series 2018-A subordinated notes and Series 2019-A subordinated notes are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols AQN, AQNA and AQNB, respectively. Visit APUC at??www.algonquinpowerandutilities.com??and follow us on Twitter @AQN_Utilities. SOURCE Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. Related Links http://www.algonquinpower.com

Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. 6.20 FixedtoFloating Subordinated Notes Series 2019A due July 1 2079
Aquestive Therapeutics Inc
Evoqua Water Technologies Corp - Ordinary Shares
Antero Resources Corporation is an independent oil and natural gas company engaged in the exploitation, development and acquisition of natural gas, NGLs and oil properties located in the Appalachian Basin in West Virginia, Ohio and Pennsylvania. As of December 31, 2012, the Company held approximately 329,000 net acres in the southwestern core of the Marcellus Shale and approximately 102,000 net acres in the core of the Utica Shale. In addition, the Company estimates that approximately 170,000 net acres of its Marcellus Shale leasehold are prospective for the slightly shallower Upper Devonian Shale. As of June 30, 2013, its estimated proved, probable and possible reserves were 6.3 trillion cubic feet equivalents (Tcfe), 14.0 Tcfe and 7.4 Tcfe, respectively, and its proved reserves were 23% proved developed and 91% natural gas, assuming ethane rejection.

Aravive Inc
Accuray is committed to expanding the powerful potential of radiation therapy to improve as many lives as possible. We invent unique, market-changing solutions to deliver radiation treatments for even the most complex cases?€?while making commonly treatable cases even easier?€?to meet the full spectrum of patient needs. We are dedicated to continuous innovation in radiation therapy for oncology, neuro-radiosurgery, and beyond, as we partner with clinicians and administrators, empowering them to help patients get back to their lives, faster. Accuray is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with facilities worldwide.
DELISTED - The Fund seeks to track the performance of the Underlying Index, which is designed to reflect a global merger arbitrage strategy. The most common approach to merger arbitrage, and the approach the Underlying Index (and by extension the Fund) reflects, is to seek to capture the difference (the ?€?Spread?€?) between the price at which the stock of a target company in a publicly announced merger, takeover, tender offer, or leveraged buy-out (the ?€?Target?€?) trades after the announcement of the acquisition and the price the acquiring company (the ?€?Acquirer?€?) has agreed to pay for the stock of the Target.  The Underlying Index is rebalanced and reconstituted twice per month. The Fund reconstitutes and rebalances on the same schedule as the Underlying Index. The Fund?€?s investment adviser, Water Island Capital, LLC (?€?Adviser?€?), generally expects the Underlying Index to include between 30-50 Targets at each reconstitution. To gain exposure to the Underlying Index, the Fund will establish long positions in shares of the Target stocks. When the terms of a transaction call for the exchange of an Acquirer?€?s common stock, the Underlying Index, as a result of the index methodology, will include short exposure in the Acquirer?€?s stock at the deal?€?s exchange ratio.?? This short exposure is designed to lock in the current deal spread, and to hedge against the risk of a decline in the deal value as a result of a decline in the value of the Acquirer?€?s stock. The Fund will invest in derivatives, such as swaps, to obtain the short exposure.  The Underlying Index is comprised of securities of U.S. and foreign companies of any market capitalization, which may from time to time include small and medium capitalization companies.?? The Underlying Index is calculated in U.S. dollars. The Underlying Index ?€?hedges?€? against fluctuations in the relative value of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar. The Fund uses forward currency or futures contracts to effectuate these hedges in the Underlying Index. The amount of forward and futures contracts held by the Fund is based on the aggregate exposure of the Fund to each currency.  The Underlying Index may also include an allocation to cash-like instruments, such as ultra short-term bond exchange-traded funds (?€?ETFs?€?), money market funds or other cash equivalents. In addition, when a transaction closes, any allocation in the Underlying Index to the securities of the Target and/or Acquirer will be reallocated to such instruments. The Underlying Index generally only allocates to cash when there are an insufficient number of Targets for inclusion in the Underlying Index and when a transaction represented by a Target in the Underlying Index has been consummated or abandoned.?? Accordingly, cash allocations in the Underlying Index and Fund are generally removed as part of each Underlying Index reconstitution, though cash allocations may continue to be included if there are an insufficient number of Targets. Under normal market conditions, the Fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets (including borrowings for investment purposes) in the constituents of the Underlying Index and in financial instruments with economic characteristics similar to such constituents. Although the Fund expects to replicate (or hold all components of) the Underlying Index, the Fund reserves the right to use representative sampling to track the Underlying Index. The Fund may invest up to 20% of its assets in instruments that are not included in the Underlying Index, but that the Adviser believes will help the Fund track the Underlying Index. The Fund may also invest in financial instruments, including swap agreements, futures contracts, ETFs and options on securities or equity securities indices. With respect to derivatives, the Fund will invest principally in swaps and forward contracts on foreign currencies.?? The Fund will invest in other funds, principally money market funds, only to reflect cash allocations by the Underlying Index.  The Fund is non-diversified. To the extent the Underlying Index is concentrated in a particular industry, the Fund is expected to be concentrated in that industry. As of December??31, 2019, the Underlying Index included 46 long positions and 14 short positions in companies with market capitalizations of between $303 million and $131 billion.  The Underlying Index was developed by Water Island Indices LLC (the ?€?Index Provider?€?), an affiliated wholly-owned subsidiary of the Adviser.?? The Index Calculation Agent is Solactive AG, which is not affiliated with the Index Provider, the Fund, or the Adviser. The Index Calculation Agent provides information to the Fund about the constituents of the Index and does not provide investment advice with respect to the desirability of investing in, purchasing or selling securities.
Aequi Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
ARC provides a wide variety of document distribution and graphic production services to facilitate graphic communication for professionals in the design, marketing, commercial real estate, construction and related fields. Follow ARC at www.e-arc.com.
ArcBest ?? is a leading logistics company with creative problem solvers who deliver integrated solutions. We'll find a way to deliver knowledge, expertise and a can-do attitude with every shipment and supply chain solution, household move or vehicle repair. At ArcBest, we're More Than Logistics SM.
Ares Capital is a leading specialty finance company that provides one-stop debt and equity financing solutions to U.S. middle market companies and power generation projects. Ares Capital originates and invests in senior secured loans, mezzanine debt and, to a lesser extent, equity investments through its national direct origination platform. Ares Capital?€?s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments primarily in private companies. Ares Capital has elected to be regulated as a business development company (?€?BDC?€?) and is the largest BDC by both total assets and market capitalization as of June 30, 2020. Ares Capital is externally managed by a subsidiary of Ares Management Corporation (NYSE: ARES), a publicly traded, leading global alternative investment manager.
Arco Platform Ltd - Ordinary Shares - Class A

Arcos Dorados is the world?€?s largest independent McDonald?€?s franchisee, operating the largest quick service restaurant chain in Latin America and the Caribbean. It has the exclusive right to own, operate and grant franchises of McDonald?€?s restaurants in 20 Latin American and Caribbean countries and territories with more than 2,200 restaurants, operated by the Company or by its sub-franchisees, that together employ over 100 thousand people (as of 06/30/2020). The Company is also committed to the development of the communities in which it operates, to providing young people their first formal job opportunities and to utilize its Scale for Good to achieve a positive environmental impact. Arcos Dorados is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
American Realty Capital Trust, Inc. is a real estate investment trust formed to acquire a diversified portfolio of commercial real estate, primarily freestanding single tenant properties net leased to tenants on a long-term basis. It acquires and operates commercial properties. All such properties may be acquired and operated by it alone or jointly with another party. As of March 31, 2012, it owned 485 properties with 15.6 million square feet, 100% leased with a weighted average remaining lease term of 13.3 years. As of March 31, 2012, all of the properties it owned were 100% leased. As of April 30, 2012, 75% of its annualized rental income on a straight-line basis, including annualized rents for properties acquired as of March 31, 2012, were derived from investment grade tenants. In January 2012, it acquired properties including Tractor Supply V and Tractor Supply VI. In August 2012, it purchased 10 properties with approximately 60,000 leasable square feet located in five states.
ARENA RESOURCES INC
Aridis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. discovers and develops anti-infectives to be used as add-on treatments to standard-of-care antibiotics. The Company is utilizing its proprietary ??PEX TM and MabIgX?? technology platforms to rapidly identify rare, potent antibody-producing B-cells from patients who have successfully overcome an infection, and to rapidly manufacture monoclonal antibody (mAbs) for therapeutic treatment of critical infections. These mAbs are already of human origin and functionally optimized for high potency by the donor's immune system; hence, they technically do not require genetic engineering or further optimization to achieve full functionality. The Company has generated multiple clinical stage mAbs targeting bacteria that cause life-threatening infections such as ventilator associated pneumonia (VAP) and hospital acquired pneumonia (HAP), in addition to??preclinical stage antibacterial and antiviral mAbs. The use of mAbs as anti-infective treatments represents an innovative therapeutic approach that harnesses the human immune system to fight infections and is designed to overcome the deficiencies associated with the current standard of care which is broad spectrum antibiotics. Such deficiencies include, but are not limited to, increasing drug resistance, short duration of efficacy, disruption of the normal flora of the human microbiome and lack of differentiation among current treatments. The mAb portfolio is complemented by a non-antibiotic novel mechanism small molecule anti-infective candidate being developed to treat lung infections in cystic fibrosis patients. The Company's pipeline is highlighted below: Aridis'??Pipeline AR-301 (VAP). AR-301 is a fully human IgG1 mAb currently in Phase 3 clinical development targeting gram-positive Staphylococcus aureus ( S. aureus) alpha-toxin in VAP??patients. AR-101 (HAP). AR-101 is a fully human immunoglobulin M, or IgM, mAb in Phase 2 clinical development targeting Pseudomonas aeruginosa ( P. aeruginosa) liposaccharides serotype O11, which accounts for approximately 22% of all P. aeruginosa hospital acquired pneumonia cases worldwide. AR-501 (cystic fibrosis). AR-501 is an inhaled formulation of gallium citrate with broad-spectrum anti-infective activity being developed to treat chronic lung infections in cystic fibrosis patients. This program is currently in a Phase 1/2a clinical study in healthy volunteers and CF patients. AR-401 (blood stream infections). AR-401 is a fully human mAb preclinical program aimed at treating infections caused by gram-negative Acinetobacter baumannii. AR-701 (COVID-19). AR-701 is a cocktail of fully human mAbs discovered from convalescent COVID-19 patients that are directed at multiple envelope proteins of the SARS-CoV-2 virus. AR-711 (COVID-19). AR-711 is a fully human IgG1 mAb that is directed against the receptor binding domain of the SARS-Cov 2 virus. AR-711 is being developed to treat non-hospitalized mild to moderate COVID-19 patients by inhalation using a nebulizer. AR-201 (RSV infection). AR-201 is a fully human IgG1 mAb out-licensed preclinical program aimed at neutralizing diverse clinical isolates of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV).
Ardelyx is focused on developing innovative first-in-class medicines to enhance the lives of patients with kidney and cardiovascular diseases. Ardelyx is advancing tenapanor, a novel product candidate to control serum phosphorus in adult patients with CKD on dialysis, for which the company's NDA is currently under review by the FDA, with a PDUFA goal date of April 29, 2021. Ardelyx is also advancing RDX013, a potassium secretagogue program, for the potential treatment of high potassium, or hyperkalemia, a problem among certain patients with kidney and/or heart disease. In addition, Ardelyx received FDA approval of IBSRELA ?? (tenapanor) on September 12, 2019. Ardelyx has established agreements with Kyowa Kirin in Japan, Fosun Pharma in China and Knight Therapeutics in Canada for the development and commercialization of tenapanor in the respective territories. SOURCE Ardelyx Related Links https://ir.ardelyx.com
Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., an S&P 500 ?? urban office REIT, is the first, longest-tenured and pioneering owner, operator and developer uniquely focused on collaborative life science, technology and agtech campuses in AAA innovation cluster locations, with a total market capitalization of $29.2 billion as of September 30, 2020, and an asset base in North America of 47.4 million SF. The asset base in North America includes 31.2 million RSF of operating properties and 2.8 million RSF of Class A properties undergoing construction, 7.2 million RSF of near-term and intermediate-term development and redevelopment projects and 6.2 million SF of future development projects. Founded in 1994, Alexandria pioneered this niche and has since established a significant market presence in key locations, including Greater Boston, San Francisco, New York City, San Diego, Seattle, Maryland and Research Triangle. Alexandria has a longstanding and proven track record of developing Class A properties clustered in urban life science, technology and agtech campuses that provide our innovative tenants with highly dynamic and collaborative environments that enhance their ability to successfully recruit and retain world-class talent and inspire productivity, efficiency, creativity and success. Alexandria also provides strategic capital to transformative life science, technology and agtech companies through our venture capital platform. We believe our unique business model and diligent underwriting ensure a high-quality and diverse tenant base that results in higher occupancy levels, longer lease terms, higher rental income, higher returns and greater long-term asset value.
American Resources Corporation is a supplier of high-quality raw materials to the rapidly growing global infrastructure market. The Company is focused on the extraction and processing of metallurgical carbon, an essential ingredient used in steelmaking. American Resources has a growing portfolio of operations located in the Central Appalachian basin of eastern Kentucky and southern West Virginia where premium quality metallurgical carbon deposits are concentrated. American Resources has established a nimble, low-cost business model centered on growth, which provides a significant opportunity to scale its portfolio of assets to meet the growing global infrastructure market while also continuing to acquire operations and significantly reduce their legacy industry risks. Its streamlined and efficient operations are able to maximize margins while reducing costs.
Ares Management Corporation is a leading global alternative investment manager operating integrated businesses across Credit, Private Equity and Real Estate. Ares Management?€?s investment groups collaborate to deliver innovative investment solutions and consistent and attractive investment returns for fund investors throughout market cycles. Ares Management's global platform had approximately $165 billion of assets under management as of June 30, 2020 with approximately 1,400 employees operating across North America, Europe, Asia and Australia, pro forma for the acquisition of SSG Capital Holdings Limited, which closed on July 1, 2020.
Ares Management L.P. 7.00% Series A Preferred Units Representing Limited Partner Interests
Argo Group International Holdings Ltd. 6.5% Senior Notes Due 2042
Argo Group International Holdings, Ltd. is an underwriter of specialty insurance and reinsurance products in the property and casualty market. Argo offers a full line of products and services designed to meet the unique coverage and claims handling needs of businesses in two primary segments: U.S. Operations and International Operations. Argo?€?s insurance subsidiaries are rated ?€?A-?€? by A.M. Best and Argo?€?s U.S. insurance subsidiaries are rated ?€?A-?€? (Strong) by Standard and Poor's.
Argo Group International Holdings Ltd FXDFR PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 11000TH INT Ser A

Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. is a real estate investment trust that primarily originates, acquires, invests in and manages performing commercial first mortgage loans, subordinate financings and other commercial real estate-related debt investments. The Company is externally managed and advised by ACREFI Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect subsidiary of Apollo Global Management, Inc., a leading global alternative investment manager with approximately $414 billion of assets under management at June 30, 2020.
Ark Restaurants owns and operates 20 restaurants and bars, 17 fast food concepts and catering operations primarily in New York City, Florida, Washington, D.C, Las Vegas, Nevada and the gulf coast of Alabama. Five restaurants are located in New York City, two are located in Washington, D.C., five are located in Las Vegas, Nevada, three are located in Atlantic City, New Jersey, three are located on the east coast of Florida and two are located on the Gulf Coast of Alabama. The Las Vegas operations include four restaurants within the New York-New York Hotel & Casino Resort and operation of the hotel's room service, banquet facilities, employee dining room and six food court concepts and one restaurant within the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino. In Atlantic City, New Jersey, the Company operates a restaurant and a bar in the Resorts Atlantic City Hotel and Casino and a restaurant in the Tropicana Hotel and Casino. The operation at the Foxwoods Resort Casino in Connecticut consists of one fast food concept. The Florida operations include the Rustic Inn in Dania Beach, Shuckers in Jensen Beach and JB?€?s on the Beach in Deerfield Beach, and the operation of four fast food facilities in Tampa and six fast food facilities in Hollywood, each at a Hard Rock Hotel and Casino operated by the Seminole Indian Tribe at these locations. In Alabama, the Company operates two Original Oyster Houses, one in Gulf Shores and one in Spanish Fort.
American Realty Investors, Inc., a Dallas-based real estate investment company, holds a diverse portfolio of equity real estate located across the U.S., including office buildings, apartments, shopping centers, and developed and undeveloped land. The Company invests in real estate through direct ownership, leases and partnerships and invests in mortgage loans on real estate. The Company also holds mortgage receivables. The Company?€?s primary asset and source of its operating results is its investment in Transcontinental Realty Investors, Inc. (NYSE:TCI).
AREL COMMUNICATIONS & SOFTWARE LTD (Foreign)
Arlo is the award-winning, industry leader that is transforming the way people experience the connected lifestyle. Arlo's deep expertise in product design, wireless connectivity, cloud infrastructure and cutting-edge AI capabilities focuses on delivering a seamless, smart home experience for Arlo users that is easy to setup and interact with every day. The company's cloud-based platform provides users with visibility, insight and a powerful means to help protect and connect in real-time with the people and things that matter most, from any location with a Wi-Fi or a cellular connection. To date, Arlo has launched several categories of award-winning smart connected devices, including wire-free smart Wi-Fi and LTE-enabled cameras, audio and video doorbells, and floodlight. With a mission to bring users peace of mind, Arlo is as passionate about protecting user privacy as it is about safeguarding homes and families. Arlo is committed to supporting industry standards for data protection designed to keep users?€? personal information private and in their control. Arlo doesn?€?t monetize personal data, provides enhanced controls for user data, supports privacy legislation, keeps user data safely secure, and puts security at the forefront of company culture. Source: Arlo-F
ARLP is a diversified natural resource company that generates income from coal production and oil and gas mineral interests located in strategic producing regions across the United States. ARLP currently produces coal from seven mining complexes it operates in Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland and West Virginia. ARLP also operates a coal loading terminal on the Ohio River at Mount Vernon, Indiana. ARLP markets its coal production to major domestic and international utilities and industrial users and is currently the second largest coal producer in the eastern United States. ARLP generates royalty income from mineral interests it owns in premier oil and gas producing regions in the US, primarily the Permian, Anadarko, Williston and Appalachian basins. In addition, ARLP also generates income from a variety of other sources.
Aramark proudly serves the world?€?s leading educational institutions, Fortune 500 companies, world champion sports teams, prominent healthcare providers, iconic destinations and cultural attractions, and numerous municipalities in 19 countries around the world. We deliver innovative experiences and services in food, facilities management and uniforms to millions of people every day. We strive to create a better world by making a positive impact on people and the planet, including commitments to engage our employees; empower healthy consumers; build local communities; source ethically, inclusively and responsibly; operate efficiently and reduce waste. Aramark is recognized as a Best Place to Work by the Human Rights Campaign (LGBTQ+), DiversityInc, Equal Employment Publications and the Disability Equality Index.
Ampliphi Biosciences Corp, formerly Targeted Genetics Corporation, is a clinical-stage biotechnology company. The Company's focuses on developing and commercializing a new class of therapeutic products called gene therapeutics. Gene therapeutics consists of a delivery vehicle, called a vector, and genetic material. It focuses on preclinical and clinical development of gene therapeutics based on adeno-associated viral (AAV), vectors, and in the manufacture of AAV vectors. It has treated over 400 subjects in clinical trials using AAV-based gene therapeutic product candidates and, through its research and development activities, the Company have acquired intellectual property related to AAV-based gene therapeutic technologies. In January 2011, the Company acquired Biocontrol Limited.
ARENA Pharmaceuticals is a team with a singular purpose ?€? deliver our important medicines to patients. In a rapidly changing global market, we work with a sense of urgency every day to understand the needs of all our stakeholders, identify bold, sometimes disruptive, ideas to get our medicines to patients, and relentlessly execute until it's done. ARENA - Care More. Act Differently.
Arconic Corporation, headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is a leading provider of aluminum sheet, plate and extrusions, as well as innovative architectural products, that advance the ground transportation, aerospace, industrial, packaging and building and construction markets.

Arrow Financial Corporation (Arrow) is a holding company. Arrow owns two nationally chartered banks in New York (Glens Falls National and Saratoga National), and indirectly a health and life insurance agency (Capital Financial Group, Inc.), three property and casualty insurance agencies (Loomis and LaPann, Inc., Upstate Agency, LLC and Glens Falls National Insurance Agencies, LLC), a registered investment adviser, which advises its mutual funds (North Country Investment Advisers, Inc.), a Real Estate Investment Trust (Arrow Properties, Inc.) and four other non-bank subsidiaries. The holding company's business consists of the ownership, supervision and control of its two banks. On August 1, 2011, the Company acquired two privately owned insurance agencies located in the greater Glens Falls area, W. Joseph McPhillips, Inc. and McPhillips-Northern, Inc. On February 1, 2011, it acquired Upstate Agency, Inc. (Upstate).
Aerpio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing compounds that activate Tie2 to treat ocular diseases and diabetic complications. Recently published mouse and human genetic data implicate the Angpt/Tie2 pathway in maintenance of Schlemm?€?s canal, a critical component of the conventional outflow tract. The Company?€?s lead compound, razuprotafib (formerly AKB-9778), a first-in-class small molecule inhibitor of vascular endothelial protein tyrosine phosphatase (?€?VE-PTP?€?), is being developed as a potential treatment for open angle glaucoma, and the Company intends to investigate the therapeutic potential of razuprotafib in other indications. The Company is also evaluating development options for ARP-1536, a humanized monoclonal antibody, for its therapeutic potential in the treatment of diabetic vascular complications including nephropathy and diabetic macular edema (?€?DME?€?). The Company?€?s third asset is a bispecific antibody that binds both VEGF and VE-PTP which is designed to inhibit VEGF activation and activate Tie2. This bispecific antibody has the potential to be an improved treatment for wet age-related macular degeneration and DME via intravitreal injection. Finally, the Company has exclusively out-licensed AKB-4924 (now called GB004), a first-in-class small molecule inhibitor of hypoxia-inducible factor-1 (HIF). GB004 is being developed by AKB-4924?€?s exclusive licensor, Gossamer Bio, Inc. (Nasdaq: GOSS).
Arcutis Biotherapeutics Inc
ARMOUR invests primarily in fixed rate residential, adjustable rate and hybrid adjustable rate residential mortgage?€?backed securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises or guaranteed by the Government National Mortgage Association. ARMOUR is externally managed and advised by ARMOUR Capital Management LP, an investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (?€?SEC?€?).

Array Technologies Inc
Artelo Biosciences, Inc.??is a San Diego-based biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics intended to modulate endogenous signaling pathways, including the endocannabinoid system.
Artelo Biosciences Inc Warrants 18062024
Artesian Resources Corporation operates as a holding company of wholly-owned subsidiaries offering water and wastewater services, and related services, on the Delmarva Peninsula. Artesian Water Company, the principal subsidiary, is the oldest and largest regulated water utility on the Delmarva Peninsula and has been providing water service since 1905. Artesian supplies 8.3 billion gallons of water per year through 1,331 miles of main to over a third of Delawareans. Forward Looking Statements This release contains forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, among other things, the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the continued growth in our business and the number of customers and population served.
Art's Way manufactures and distributes farm machinery niche products including animal feed processing equipment, sugar beet defoliators and harvesters, land maintenance equipment, plows, hay and forage equipment, manure spreaders, reels for combines and swathers, and top and bottom drive augers, as well as modular animal confinement buildings and laboratories, and specialty tools and inserts. After-market service parts are also an important part of Art's Way's business. Art's Way has three reporting segments: agricultural products; modular buildings; and tools.
Arvinas is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients suffering from debilitating and life-threatening diseases through the discovery, development, and commercialization of therapies that degrade disease-causing proteins. Arvinas uses its proprietary technology platform to engineer proteolysis targeting chimeras, or PROTAC?? targeted protein degraders, that are designed to harness the body?€?s own natural protein disposal system to selectively and efficiently degrade and remove disease-causing proteins. The company has two clinical-stage programs: ARV-110 for the treatment of patients with metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer; and ARV-471 for the treatment of patients with ER+/HER2- locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer.
Arrow Electronics guides innovation forward for over 175,000 leading technology manufacturers and service providers. With 2019 sales of $29 billion, Arrow develops technology solutions that improve business and daily life.
Arrowhead Research Corporation (Arrowhead) is a nanomedicine company engaged in development therapeutic products at the interface of biology and nano-engineering to cure disease and improve human health. Arrowhead is focused on the preclinical and clinical development of therapeutics for the treatment of cancer and obesity, as well as the regeneration of wounded or diseased tissue. Arrowhead's portfolio includes Calando Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Calando), delivers small ribonucleic acid (RNA) for gene silencing; and Ablaris Therapeutics, Inc. (Ablaris), an anti-obesity therapeutics company; Nanotope, Inc. (Nanotope), a regenerative medicine company and Leonardo (Leonardo), a multi-stage drug delivery company. In January 2011, its subsidiary, Unidym, Inc., was acquired by Wisepower Co., Ltd. In October 2011, it acquired RNA therapeutics assets from Roche Holding Ltd., including the research site in Madison, WI. In April 2012, it acquired Alvos Therapeutics, Inc.

Asana Inc - Class A

Atlantic Street Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/2 War)
Atlantic Avenue Acquisition Corp - Warrants(01/01/9999)
Associated Banc-Corp has total assets of $32 billion and is one of the top 50 publicly traded U.S. bank holding companies. Headquartered in Green Bay, Wisconsin, Associated is a leading Midwest banking franchise, offering a full range of financial products and services from more than 240 banking locations serving more than 120 communities throughout Wisconsin, Illinois and Minnesota, and commercial financial services in Indiana, Michigan, Missouri, Ohio and Texas. Associated Bank, N.A. is an Equal Housing Lender, Equal Opportunity Lender and Member FDIC.
Associated Banc-Corp Depositary shares Series C
Associated Banc-Corp Depositary Shares Series D
Associated Banc-Corp Depositary Shares Series E

Ardmore owns and operates a fleet of MR product and chemical tankers ranging from 25,000 to 50,000 deadweight tonnes. Ardmore provides seaborne transportation of petroleum products and chemicals worldwide to oil majors, national oil companies, oil and chemical traders, and chemical companies, with its modern, fuel-efficient fleet of mid-size tankers. Ardmore's core strategy is to continue to develop a modern, high-quality fleet of product and chemical tankers, build key long-term commercial relationships and maintain its cost advantage in assets, operations and overhead, while creating synergies and economies of scale as the Company grows. Ardmore provides its services to customers through voyage charters, commercial pools, and time charters, and enjoys close working relationships with key commercial and technical management partners.
Aberdeen Standard Global Infrastructure Income Fund of Beneficial Interest
Historical stock prices for On Assignment (ASGN). On Assignment, Inc. is a global provider of skilled, professionals in the life sciences, healthcare and technology sectors. It operates in four segments: Life Sciences, which provides contract, contract-to-permanent and direct placement services of laboratory and scientific professionals to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, food and beverage, medical device, personal care, chemical and environmental industries; Healthcare, which include the combined results of the Nurse Travel and Allied Healthcare lines of business; Physician, which provides contract and direct placement physicians to healthcare organizations, and Information Technology (IT) and Engineering, which provides high-end contract and direct placement services of information technology and engineering professionals with expertise in specialized information technology. On February 28, 2011, it acquired Valesta. On July 31, 2011, it acquired HealthCare Partners (HCP). In May 2012, the Company acquired Apex Systems, Inc.
Ashland Global Holdings Inc. is a premier global specialty chemicals company serving customers in a wide range of consumer and industrial markets, including adhesives, architectural coatings, automotive, construction, energy, food and beverage, nutraceuticals, personal care and pharmaceutical. At Ashland, we are approximately 4,500 passionate, tenacious solvers ?€? from renowned scientists and research chemists to talented engineers and plant operators ?€? who thrive on developing practical, innovative and elegant solutions to complex problems for customers in more than 100 countries.
AdvanSix is a leading manufacturer of Nylon 6, a polymer resin which is a synthetic material used by our customers to produce fibers, filaments, engineered plastics and films that, in turn, are used in such end-products as carpets, automotive and electronic components, sports apparel, food packaging and other industrial applications. As a result of our backward integration and the configuration of our manufacturing facilities, we also sell caprolactam, ammonium sulfate fertilizer, acetone and other intermediate chemicals, all of which are produced within unit operations across our integrated manufacturing value chain.
ASLAN Pharmaceuticals Ltd - ADR
Avino Silver & Gold Mines Ltd. (Avino) is a natural resource company, primarily engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties. The Company's principal business activities include the exploration of a mineral property located in the State of Durango, Mexico and other mineral properties in Canada, specifically British Columbia and the Yukon Territory. The Company is focused on silver and gold exploration. As of December 31, 2011, the Company explored five silver and gold projects in Canada and Mexico. All of the Company's mineral property interests in Canada are wholly owned by the Company. In Mexico, the Company has a 99.28% interest in Cia Minera, a Mexican company, which is involved in the mining of commercial ores and resource exploration and development, including the operation of the Avino Mine. Cia Minera is not involved with any exploration activities in Canada.
Assembly Biosciences, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing innovative therapeutics targeting hepatitis B virus (HBV) and diseases associated with the microbiome. The HBV program is focused on advancing a new class of potent, oral core inhibitors that have the potential to improve the treatment options available to chronically infected patients. The microbiome program is developing novel oral live microbial biotherapeutic candidates with Assembly?€?s fully integrated platform, including a robust process for strain identification and selection, GMP manufacturing expertise and targeted delivery to the lower gastrointestinal tract with the GEMICEL?? technology.
ASML Holding NV (ASML) is the Netherlands-based holding company active in the field of technology. The Company is a provider of advanced semiconductor equipment systems, consisting of lithographic systems. It offers an integrated portfolio of products mainly for manufacturing complex integrated circuits (IC), semiconductors or chips. The Company reports one segment, System sales, divided in New Systems and Used Systems. It supplies lithography systems to IC manufacturers throughout Asia, the United States and Europe. Additionally, the Company is engaged in service and field option sales. It provides its customers with a range of support services from advanced process and product applications knowledge to round-the-clock service support. ASML's main wholly owned operating subsidiaries include ASML Netherlands BV, ASML Systems BV, ASML Hong Kong Limited and ASML US Inc. In May 2013, Cymer Inc completed the previously announced merger pursuant to which ASML Holding NV acquired Cymer.
Ascendis Pharma??is applying its innovative TransCon technologies to build a leading, fully integrated biopharmaceutical company focused on making a meaningful difference in patients?€? lives. Guided by its core values of patients, science and passion, the company utilizes its TransCon technologies to create new and potentially best-in-class therapies. Ascendis Pharma??currently has a pipeline of three independent endocrinology rare disease product candidates in clinical development and is advancing oncology as its second therapeutic area of focus. The company continues to expand into additional therapeutic areas to address unmet patient needs. Ascendis is headquartered in??Copenhagen, Denmark, with additional offices in Heidelberg and??Berlin, Germany, and in??Palo Alto??and??Redwood City, California.
Academy Sports and Outdoors Inc

Aspirational Consumer Lifestyle Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Aspirational Consumer Lifestyle Corp - Warrants (19/09/2025)
Aspen is the global leader in aerogel technology. The company's mission is to enable its customers and partners to achieve their own objectives around the global megatrends of resource efficiency and sustainability. Aspen's Cryogel ?? and Pyrogel ?? products are valued by the world's largest energy infrastructure companies. Aspen's Spaceloft ?? products provide building owners with industry-leading energy efficiency including options for a safe, non-combustible fire rating. The company's strategy is to partner with world-class industry leaders to leverage its aerogel technology platform into additional markets, including the electric vehicle market. Headquartered in Northborough, Mass., Aspen manufactures its products at its East Providence, R.I. facility.
Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A.( Altisource), together with its subsidiaries, is a provider of services focused on technology-enabled, knowledge-based functions related to real estate and mortgage portfolio management, asset recovery and customer relationship management. The Company operates in three segments: Mortgage Services, Financial Services and Technology Services. In April 2011, the Company acquired Springhouse, LLC (Springhouse). In July 2011, the Company acquired the assembled workforce of a sub-contractor (Tracmail) in India. In December 2012, the Company completed the spin-offs of Altisource Residential Corporation (Residential) and Altisource Asset Management Corporation (AAMC).
: Aspen Group, Inc. is an education technology holding company that leverages its infrastructure and expertise to allow its two universities, Aspen University and United States University, to deliver on the vision of making college affordable again.
Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste, S.A.B. de C.V. holds concessions to operate, maintain, and develop airports in the southeast region of Mexico. The company operates nine airports that are located in the cities of Canc??n, Cozumel, Huatulco, M??rida, Minatitl??n, Oaxaca, Tapachula, Veracruz, and Villahermosa. It also provides aeronautical services, which include aircraft landing and parking, passenger walkway, and airport security services. In addition, the company leases space at its airports to retailers, restaurants, airlines, and other commercial tenants; and offers catering, handling, airport access, fuel, automobile parking, and ground transportation services, as well as construction services. Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste, S.A.B. de C.V. was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Mexico City, Mexico.
Assertio Therapeutics is committed to providing responsible solutions to advance patient care in the Company?€?s core areas of neurology, orphan and specialty medicines. Assertio currently markets two FDA-approved products and continues to identify, license and develop new products that offer enhanced options for patients that may be under served by existing therapies.
AmeriServ Financial, Inc. is a $1.1 billion bank holding company that is headquartered in Johnstown, Pa. and trades on NASDAQ under the symbol ASRV.
No Description Available
Astrotech is a science and technology development and commercialization company that launches, manages, and builds scalable companies based on innovative technology in order to maximize shareholder value. 1 st Detect develops, manufactures, and sells trace detectors for use in the security and detection market. AgLAB is developing chemical analyzers for use in the agriculture market. BreathTech is developing a breath analysis tool to provide early detection of lung diseases. Astrotech is headquartered in Austin, Texas.
Astec, (www.astecindustries.com), is a manufacturer of specialized equipment for asphalt road building, aggregate processing and concrete production. Astec?€?s manufacturing operations are divided into two primary business segments: Infrastructure Solutions that includes road building, asphalt and concrete plant, thermal and storage solutions; and Materials Solutions that include our aggregate processing and mining equipment.
Asure sees Human Capital Management (HCM) through the lens of entrepreneurs and executives with an owner?€?s mentality. We help more than 60,000 small and mid-sized businesses develop their ?€?Human Capital?€? to get to the next level, stay compliant, and allocate their time, money and technology toward growth. Asure HCM solution includes Asure Payroll & Tax, Asure HR, and Asure Time & Attendance. Our Asure HRServices offer ranges from online compliance tools to a fully outsourced HR department.
Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc. provides semiconductor packaging and testing services in the United States, Taiwan, Asia, Europe, and internationally. It operates through Packaging, Testing, and Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) segments. The Packaging segment offers packages, such as flip-chip ball grid array (BGA), flip-chip chip scale package, advanced chip scale packages, and IC wirebonding packages, including lead frame-based package types, such as quad flat packages, thin quad flat packages, bump chip carrier and quad flat no-lead (QFN) packages, and advanced QFN; 3D chip packages; stacked die solutions in various package types, such as stacked die quad flat no-lead, hybrid BGAs containing stacked wire bond, and fc die; and copper wire and silver bonding solutions, as well as module assembly services, and interconnect materials. The Testing segment provides a range of semiconductor testing services, including front-end test engineering testing, wafer probing, logic/mixed-signal/RF/module system-in-package/discrete final testing services, other test related services, and drop shipment services. The EMS segment offers electronics manufacturing services in relation to computers, peripherals, communications, industrial, automotive electronics, and storage and server applications. It serves information, communications, consumer electronics, automotive electronics, medical treatment, industrial applications, aviation, navigation, national defense, and transportation industries. Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc. was founded in 1984 and is based in Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
Amtech Systems, Inc. is a global supplier of advanced thermal processing and polishing equipment and related consumables to the semiconductor / electronics, power IC businesses, and advanced lighting manufacturing markets. Amtech's equipment includes diffusion, solder reflow systems, and polishing equipment and related consumables for surface preparation of various materials, including silicon carbide (?€?SiC?€?), sapphire and silicon. The Company's thermal processing, polishing and consumable products currently address the diffusion, oxidation, and deposition steps used in the fabrication of semiconductors, printed circuit boards, semiconductor packaging, MEMS, and advanced lighting, including the polishing of newly sliced sapphire and silicon wafers. Amtech?€?s products are recognized under the leading brand names BTU International, Bruce Technologies TM, and PR Hoffman TM.
Atlantic Power is an independent power producer that owns power generation assets in eleven states in the United States and two provinces in Canada. The Company's generation projects sell electricity and steam to investment-grade utilities and other creditworthy large customers predominantly under long?€?term PPAs that have expiration dates ranging from 2020 to 2043. The Company seeks to minimize its exposure to commodity prices through provisions in the contracts, fuel supply agreements and hedging arrangements. The projects are diversified by geography, fuel type, technology, dispatch profile and offtaker (customer). Approximately 75% of the projects in operation are 100% owned and directly operated and maintained by the Company. The Company has expertise in operating most fuel types, including gas, hydro, and biomass, and it owns a 40% interest in one coal project. Atlantic Power's shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AT and on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol ATP.
Altimar Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
America First Multifamily Investors, L.P. was formed on April 2, 1998 under the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act for the primary purpose of acquiring, holding, selling and otherwise dealing with a portfolio of mortgage revenue bonds which have been issued to provide construction and/or permanent financing for affordable multifamily, student housing and commercial properties. The Partnership is pursuing a business strategy of acquiring additional mortgage revenue bonds and other investments on a leveraged basis. The Partnership expects and believes the interest earned on these mortgage revenue bonds is excludable from gross income for federal income tax purposes. The Partnership seeks to achieve its investment growth strategy by investing in additional mortgage revenue bonds and other investments as permitted by the Partnership?€?s Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, dated September 15, 2015, taking advantage of attractive financing structures available in the securities market, and entering into interest rate risk management instruments. America First Multifamily Investors, L.P. press releases are available at www.ataxfund.com.
Atlas Corp
Atlas Corp. 7.95 Series D
Atlas Corp. 8.25 Series E
Atlas Corp. 8.20 Series G
Atlas Corp. 7.875 Series H
Atlas Corp. Series I FixedtoFloating

Boxwood Merger Corp Wt Exp 11/26/2025
Alphatec Holdings, Inc.??(ATEC), through its wholly-owned subsidiaries,??Alphatec Spine, Inc.??and??SafeOp Surgical, Inc., is a medical device company dedicated to revolutionizing the approach to spine surgery through clinical distinction. ATEC?€?s Organic Innovation Machine is focused on developing new approaches that integrate seamlessly with the SafeOp Neural InformatiX System to safely and reproducibly treat spine?€?s various pathologies and achieve the goals of spine surgery. Alphatec?€?s vision is to become the Standard Bearer in Spine.
A10 Networks provides secure application services and solutions for on-premises, multi-cloud and edge-cloud environments at hyperscale. Our mission is to enable service providers and enterprises to deliver business-critical applications that are secure, available and efficient for multi-cloud transformation and 5G readiness. We deliver better business outcomes that support investment protection, new business models and help future-proof infrastructures, empowering our customers to provide the most secure and available digital experience. Founded in 2004, A10 Networks is based in San Jose, Calif. and serves customers globally.







Pacific DataVision, Inc. develops and sells wireless communications applications. The company offers cloud-based pdvConnect mobile resource management solutions that enable businesses to locate and communicate with field workers, and enhance documentation of work events and job status. It also sells and installs equipment used to run the wireless communications applications. The company markets its products to dispatch-centric businesses, which utilize Tier 1 cellular networks directly and indirectly through Tier 1 carriers in the United States. Pacific DataVision, Inc. was incorporated in 1997 and is headquartered in Woodland Park, New Jersey.
The purpose of Adtalem Global Education is to empower students to achieve their goals, find success, and make inspiring contributions to our global community. Adtalem Global Education Inc. (NYSE: ATGE; member S&P MidCap 400 Index) is a leading workforce solutions provider and the parent organization of American University of the Caribbean School of Medicine, Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists, Becker Professional Education, Chamberlain University, EduPristine, OnCourse Learning, Ross University School of Medicine and Ross University School of Veterinary Medicine.
Athene, through its subsidiaries, is a leading retirement services company that issues, reinsures and acquires retirement savings products designed for the increasing number of individuals and institutions seeking to fund retirement needs. The products offered by Athene include: Retail fixed, fixed indexed and index-linked annuity products; Reinsurance arrangements with third-party annuity providers; and Institutional products, such as funding agreements and the assumption of pension risk transfer obligations. Athene had total assets of $183.2 billion as of June 30, 2020. Athene?€?s principal subsidiaries include Athene Annuity & Life Assurance Company, a Delaware-domiciled insurance company, Athene Annuity and Life Company, an Iowa-domiciled insurance company, Athene Annuity & Life Assurance Company of New York, a New York-domiciled insurance company and Athene Life Re Ltd., a Bermuda-domiciled reinsurer.
Astra Holdings Plc Ord

Athira Pharma Inc
Alterity?€?s lead candidate, PBT434, is the first of a new generation of small molecules designed to inhibit the aggregation of pathological proteins implicated in neurodegeneration. PBT434 has been shown to reduce abnormal accumulation of ??-synuclein and tau proteins in animal models of disease by restoring normal iron balance in the brain. In this way, it has excellent potential to treat various forms of atypical Parkinsonism such as Multiple System Atrophy (MSA) and Progressive Supranuclear Palsy (PSP).
Autohome Inc. is the leading online destination for automobile consumers in China. Its mission is to enhance the car-buying and ownership experience for auto consumers in China. Autohome provides original generated content, professionally generated content, user-generated content, AI-generated content, a comprehensive automobile library, and extensive automobile listing information to automobile consumers, covering the entire car purchase and ownership cycle. The ability to reach a large and engaged user base of automobile consumers has made Autohome a preferred platform for automakers and dealers to conduct their advertising campaigns. Further, the Company's dealer subscription and advertising services allow dealers to market their inventory and services through Autohome's platform, extending the reach of their physical showrooms to potentially millions of internet users in China and generating sales leads for them. The Company offers sales leads, data analysis, and marketing services to assist automakers and dealers with improving their efficiency and facilitating transactions. Autohome operates its "Autohome Mall," a full-service online transaction platform, to facilitate transactions for automakers and dealers. Further, through its websites and mobile applications, it also provides other value-added services, including auto financing, auto insurance, used car transactions, and aftermarket services.
Athersys is a biotechnology company engaged in the discovery and development of therapeutic product candidates designed to extend and enhance the quality of human life. The Company is developing its MultiStem ?? cell therapy product, a patented, adult-derived "off-the-shelf" stem cell product, initially for disease indications in the neurological, inflammatory and immune, cardiovascular and other critical care indications and has several ongoing clinical trials evaluating this potential regenerative medicine product. Athersys has forged strategic partnerships and a broad network of collaborations to further advance the MultiStem cell therapy toward commercialization.
Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) is a diversified specialty metals producer. The Company's products include titanium and titanium alloys, nickel-based alloys and superalloys, zirconium, hafnium and niobium, advanced powder alloys, stainless and specialty steel alloys, grain-oriented electrical steel, tungsten-based materials and cutting tools, carbon alloy impression die forgings, and grey and ductile iron castings. Its specialty metals are produced in a range of alloys and product forms. It operates in three segments: High Performance Metals segment, Flat-Rolled Products segment and Engineered Products segment. On May 9, 2011, the Company acquired Ladish Co., Inc. In November 2013, Allegheny Technologies Inc has completed the sale of its tungsten materials business to Kennametal Inc.
Headquartered in??Shenzhen, China,??ATIF Holdings Limited (?€?ATIF?€?) is a company providing business consulting services to small and medium-sized enterprises in??Asia and North America, including going public consulting services, international business planning and consulting services, and financial media services.
Atkore is forging a future where our employees, customers, suppliers, shareholders and communities are building better together ?€? a future focused on serving the customer and powering and protecting the world. With a network of manufacturing and distribution facilities worldwide, Atkore is a leading provider of electrical, safety and infrastructure solutions.
Founded in 1996, our businesses, including the Fortiva?? branded products and Aspire?? branded products, utilize proprietary analytics and a flexible technology platform to enable financial institutions to provide various credit and related financial services and products to the financially underserved consumer credit market. We apply the experience gained and infrastructure built from servicing over 17 million customers and $25 billion in consumer loans over our 24-year operating history to support lenders that originate a range of consumer loan products. These products include retail credit and general-purpose credit cards marketed through our omnichannel platform, including retail point-of-sale, direct mail solicitation, Internet-based marketing, and partnerships with third parties. Additionally, through its CAR subsidiary, Atlanticus serves the individual needs of automotive dealers and automotive non-prime financial organizations with multiple financing and service programs. About IMPACT COLLECTIVE IMPACT COLLECTIVE is a group of forward-thinking brands committed to making an immediate and positive environmental impact by neutralizing their carbon, plastic, water, and energy footprints. Members participate in programs that calculate and mitigate their environmental footprints by investing in certified projects and programs. IMPACT COLLECTIVE members can be identified through four IMPACT seals, so consumers know their purchases support brands that prioritize sustainability. IMPACT COLLECTIVE is managed and administered by GreenPrint, a global environmental technology company. About GreenPrint GreenPrint, a global environmental technology company, offers sustainability as a service with patent-protected programs that deliver environmental impact and bottom-line results. An Inc. 5000 company and a member of 1% Percent for the Planet, GreenPrint?€?s turnkey offerings help companies meet sustainability goals while increasing brand value and customer loyalty ?€? making it easy for businesses to do well by doing good. GreenPrint, A Public Benefit Corporation, is on pace to offset over 30 million metric tons of Carbon by 2025. GreenPrint Holdings Inc. All Rights Reserved ??2020.
Ames National Corporation is a bank holding company. The Company owns a 100% interest in five banking subsidiaries consisting of two national banks and three state-chartered banks. All of the Company's operations are conducted in the State of Iowa and primarily within the central Iowa counties of Boone, Marshall, Polk and Story where the Company's banking subsidiaries are located. Its principal banking subsidiary is First National Bank, Ames, Iowa (First National) located in Ames, Iowa. The State Bank & Trust Co. (State Bank) is located in Nevada, Iowa; Boone Bank & Trust Co. (Boone Bank) is located in Boone, Iowa; Randall-Story State Bank (Randall-Story Bank) is located in Story City, Iowa; and United Bank & Trust NA (United Bank) is located in Marshalltown, Iowa. First National, State Bank, Boone Bank, Randall-Story Bank and United Bank are each operated as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
. 180 Life Sciences Corp. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of novel drugs that fulfill unmet needs in inflammatory diseases, fibrosis and pain by leveraging the combined expertise of luminaries in therapeutics from Oxford University, the Hebrew University and Stanford University. 180 Life Sciences is leading the research into solving one of the world?€?s biggest drivers of disease ?€? inflammation. The Company is driving groundbreaking study into clinical programs, which are seeking to develop novel drugs addressing separate areas of inflammation for which there are no effective therapies. The Company?€?s primary platform is a novel program to treat fibrosis using anti-TNF, with its lead program in phase 2b/3 clinical trials.
KBL Merger Corp. IV Warrant
Atlantic Tele-Network, Inc. provides Wireless and Wireline telecommunications services in North America, Bermuda and the Caribbean. The Company offer wholesale wireless voice and data roaming services to national, regional, local and selected international wireless carriers in rural markets located principally in the Southwest and Midwest United States. The Company also offers wireless voice and data services to retail customers in Guyana, Bermuda, and in other smaller markets in the Caribbean and the United States. The Company's local telephone and data services include its operations in Guyana and the mainland United States. In September 2013, the Company announced that it has completed the sale of its domestic retail wireless business operated under the Alltel name to AT&T.
Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, develops drugs for the treatment of cancer. The company develops therapies for life threatening diseases using its alpha particle immunotherapy platform and other related and similar technologies. Its products include Actimab-A, an antibody-drug construct, which includes monoclonal antibody Lintuzumab and alpha emitting radioisotope actinium 225; and is in multicenter Phase I/II clinical trials for acute myeloid leukemia (AML). The company also offers Iomab-B, an antibody-drug construct that comprises the BC8 monoclonal antibody and beta emitting radioisotope iodine 131, and is used in myeloconditioning for hematopoietic stem cells transplantation (HSCT) in various indications. Its Iomab-B is in preparation for a Phase III multicenter clinical trial for bone marrow conditioning for HSCT in relapsed and refractory AML patients. The company was founded in 2000 and is based in New York, New York.
Athenex Oncology is a U.S.-based division of Athenex, Inc.. Athenex's pipeline includes small-molecule, biologic, and cellular-based anticancer therapies, and comprises a range of therapeutic approaches designed to improve patient care by addressing specific therapeutic limitations. The Athenex Oncology brand was established in 2019 to provide accessible information and multiple resources to oncology customers, including health care professionals, patients, and caregivers, who the Company believes will greatly benefit from Athenex's broad pipeline of innovative oncology products. By rethinking the challenges associated with certain anticancer treatments, Athenex Oncology can help expand the range of available treatment options for patients.
Atmos Energy Corporation is the nation?€?s largest fully regulated, natural gas-only distributor of safe, clean, efficient and affordable energy. As part of our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services, we are modernizing our business and our infrastructure while continuing to invest in safety, innovation, environmental sustainability and our communities. An S&P 500 company headquartered in Dallas, Atmos Energy serves more than 3 million distribution customers in over 1,400 communities across eight states and manages proprietary pipeline and storage assets, including one of the largest intrastate natural gas pipeline systems in Texas. Find us online at http://www.atmosenergy.com, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube. This news release should be read in conjunction with the attached unaudited financial information. Atmos Energy Corporation Financial Highlights (Unaudited) Statements of Income Three Months Ended June 30 (000s except per share) 2020 2019 Operating revenues Distribution segment $ 435,308 $ 444,944 Pipeline and storage segment 158,008 149,198 Intersegment eliminations (100,321 ) (108,404 ) 492,995 485,738 Purchased gas cost Distribution segment 126,093 139,518 Pipeline and storage segment (11 ) (96 ) Intersegment eliminations (100,010 ) (108,096 ) 26,072 31,326 Operation and maintenance expense 149,460 164,545 Depreciation and amortization 107,104 97,700 Taxes, other than income 71,324 69,965 Operating income 139,035 122,202 Other non-operating income 7,235 1,645 Interest charges 19,580 19,592 Income before income taxes 126,690 104,255 Income tax expense 8,899 23,789 Net income $ 117,791 $ 80,466 Basic net income per share $ 0.96 $ 0.68 Diluted net income per share $ 0.96 $ 0.68 Cash dividends per share $ 0.575 $ 0.525 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 123,026 118,075 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 123,032 118,430 Three Months Ended June 30 Summary Net Income by Segment (000s) 2020 2019 Distribution $ 58,899 $ 32,398 Pipeline and storage 58,892 48,068 Net income $ 117,791 $ 80,466 Atmos Energy Corporation Financial Highlights, continued (Unaudited) Statements of Income Nine Months Ended June 30 (000s except per share) 2020 2019 Operating revenues Distribution segment $ 2,196,817 $ 2,341,668 Pipeline and storage segment 452,421 419,318 Intersegment eliminations (303,015 ) (302,821 ) 2,346,223 2,458,165 Purchased gas cost Distribution segment 942,586 1,147,598 Pipeline and storage segment 290 (544 ) Intersegment eliminations (302,053 ) (301,887 ) 640,823 845,167 Operation and maintenance expense 449,529 452,572 Depreciation and amortization 318,082 290,537 Taxes, other than income 214,535 213,546 Operating income 723,254 656,343 Other non-operating income (expense) 9,133 (1,846 ) Interest charges 68,980 74,390 Income before income taxes 663,407 580,107 Income tax expense 127,297 127,107 Net income $ 536,110 $ 453,000 Basic net income per share $ 4.38 $ 3.89 Diluted net income per share $ 4.37 $ 3.88 Cash dividends per share $ 1.725 $ 1.575 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 122,352 116,485 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 122,463 116,673 Nine Months Ended June 30 Summary Net Income by Segment (000s) 2020 2019 Distribution $ 375,720 $ 318,976 Pipeline and storage 160,390 134,024 Net income $ 536,110 $ 453,000 Atmos Energy Corporation Financial Highlights, continued (Unaudited) Condensed Balance Sheets June 30, September 30, (000s) 2020 2019 Net property, plant and equipment $ 12,880,850 $ 11,787,669 Cash and cash equivalents 208,064 24,550 Accounts receivable, net 236,466 230,571 Gas stored underground 84,886 130,138 Other current assets 72,743 72,772 Total current assets 602,159 458,031 Goodwill 730,706 730,706 Deferred charges and other assets 657,267 391,213 $ 14,870,982 $ 13,367,619 Shareholders' equity $ 6,461,471 $ 5,750,223 Long-term debt 4,531,341 3,529,452 Total capitalization 10,992,812 9,279,675 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 200,116 265,024 Other current liabilities 502,413 479,501 Short-term debt ?€? 464,915 Current maturities of long-term debt 157 ?€? Total current liabilities 702,686 1,209,440 Deferred income taxes 1,420,065 1,300,015 Regulatory excess deferred taxes 702,493 705,101 Deferred credits and other liabilities 1,052,926 873,388 $ 14,870,982 $ 13,367,619 Atmos Energy Corporation Financial Highlights, continued (Unaudited) Condensed Statements of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended June 30 (000s) 2020 2019 Cash flows from operating activities Net income $ 536,110 $ 453,000 Depreciation and amortization 318,082 290,537 Deferred income taxes 137,996 120,220 One-time income tax benefit (20,962 ) ?€? Other 5,935 9,649 Changes in assets and liabilities (81,675 ) (64,478 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 895,486 808,928 Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures (1,405,673 ) (1,199,199 ) Proceeds from the sale of discontinued operations ?€? 4,000 Debt and equity securities activities, net (692 ) (4,041 ) Other, net 6,098 3,839 Net cash used in investing activities (1,400,267 ) (1,195,401 ) Cash flows from financing activities Net decrease in short-term debt (464,915 ) (500,838 ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of premium/discount 999,450 1,045,221 Net proceeds from equity offering 358,047 593,731 Issuance of common stock through stock purchase and employee retirement plans 14,125 14,128 Settlement of interest rate swaps ?€? (90,141 ) Repayment of long-term debt ?€? (450,000 ) Cash dividends paid (210,674 ) (181,982 ) Debt issuance costs (7,738 ) (11,254 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 688,295 418,865 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 183,514 32,392 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 24,550 13,771 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 208,064 $ 46,163 Three Months Ended June 30 Nine Months Ended June 30 Statistics 2020 2019 2020 2019 Consolidated distribution throughput (MMcf as metered) 69,162 76,192 372,590 404,370 Consolidated pipeline and storage transportation volumes (MMcf) 153,652 181,292 453,646 517,188 Distribution meters in service 3,322,332 3,284,722 3,322,332 3,284,722 Distribution average cost of gas $ 3.24 $ 3.35 $ 3.66 $ 4.06
Atomera has developed Mears Silicon Technology??? (MST ?? ), which increases performance and power efficiency in semiconductor transistors. MST can be implemented using equipment already deployed in semiconductor manufacturing facilities and is complementary to other nano-scaling technologies already in the semiconductor industry roadmap.
Atossa Genetics Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics and delivery methods to treat breast cancer and other breast conditions.
Atlantis Plastics, Inc (Atlantis) is a manufacturer of specialty plastic films and custom molded and extruded plastic products used for storage and transportation, food service, appliance, automotive, commercial and consumer applications. It operates three business segments: Plastic Films, Injection Molding and Profile Extrusion. Plastic Films is a manufacturer of specialty plastic films. The Plastic Films segment includes three operating divisions: Stretch Films, Custom Films and Institutional Products. Injection Molding is a manufacturer of both custom and injection molded products sold primarily to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) in the home appliance, power tool, automotive parts, recreational vehicle and construction industries. Profile Extrusion is a manufacturer of custom extruded plastic products. In August 2008, the Company filed voluntary petitions for Chapter 11 reorganizations for itself and its subsidiaries in the United States Bankruptcy Court.
AptarGroup, Inc., is a global solution provider of a range of packaging delivery solutions primarily for the beauty, personal care, home care, pharmaceutical, food and beverage markets. The Company operates in three segments: Beauty + Home, Pharma and Food + Beverage. Beauty + Home segment includes operations that sell dispensing systems primarily to the beauty, personal care and home care markets. Pharma segment includes operations that sell dispensing systems or primary packaging components to the prescription drug and consumer health care markets. Food + Beverage segment includes operations that sell dispensing systems to the food and beverage markets. The Company has manufacturing facilities located throughout the world, including North America, Europe, Asia and South America. On July 3, 2012, the Company completed its acquisition of Rumpler-Technologies S.A., together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries (Stelmi).
Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc. ( @Atarabio ) is a pioneer in T-cell immunotherapy leveraging its novel allogeneic EBV T-cell platform to develop transformative therapies for patients with severe diseases including solid tumors, hematologic cancers and autoimmune disease. With our lead program in Phase 3 clinical development, Atara is the most advanced allogeneic T-cell immunotherapy company and intends to rapidly deliver off-the-shelf treatments to patients with high unmet medical need. Our platform leverages the unique biology of EBV T cells and has the capability to treat a wide range of EBV-associated diseases, or other severe diseases through incorporation of engineered CARs (chimeric antigen receptors) or TCRs (T-cell receptors). Atara is applying this one platform to create a robust pipeline including: tab-cel ?? (tabelecleucel) in Phase 3 development for Epstein-Barr virus-driven post-transplant lymphoproliferative disease (EBV+ PTLD); ATA188, a T-cell immunotherapy targeting EBV antigens as a potential treatment for multiple sclerosis; and multiple next-generation chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) immunotherapies for both solid tumors and hematologic malignancies. Improving patients?€? lives is our mission and we will never stop working to bring transformative therapies to those in need. Atara is headquartered in South San Francisco and our leading-edge research, development and manufacturing facility is based in Thousand Oaks, California.
AtriCure, Inc. provides innovative technologies for the treatment of Afib and related conditions. Afib affects more than 33 million people worldwide. Electrophysiologists and cardiothoracic surgeons around the globe use AtriCure technologies for the treatment of Afib and reduction of Afib related complications. AtriCure?€?s Isolator?? Synergy??? Ablation System is the first and only medical device to receive FDA approval for the treatment of persistent Afib. AtriCure?€?s AtriClip?? Left Atrial Appendage Exclusion System products are the most widely sold LAA management devices worldwide.
Atrion Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures, and sells fluid delivery devices, and ophthalmic and cardiovascular products for medical applications primarily in the United States, Canada, and internationally. The company??s fluid delivery products comprise luer syringe check valves and one-way valves; tubing clamps; and specialized intravenous sets that are used in anesthesia and oncology applications. Its cardiovascular products include MPS2 Myocardial Protection System that delivers essential fluids and medications to the heart during open-heart surgery; cardiac surgery vacuum relief valves; silicone vessel loops for retracting and occluding vessels in invasive surgical procedures; and inflation devices for balloon catheter dilation, stent deployment, and fluid dispensing, as well as products that are used in heart bypass surgery to make a precision opening in the heart for attachment of the bypass vessels. The company??s ophthalmic products comprise contact lens disinfection cases; and a line of balloon catheters that are used for the treatment of nasolacrimal duct obstruction in children and adults. It also manufactures instrumentation and associated disposables, which measures the activated clotting time of blood; and a line of products designed for safe needle and scalpel blade containment. In addition, the company produces inflation systems and valves, which are used in marine and aviation safety products; and one-way and two-way pressure relief valves for use on electronics cases, munitions cases, pressure vessels, transportation container cases, escape slides, and other medical and non-medical applications. Atrion Corporation sells its products to physicians, hospitals, clinics, and other treatment centers, as well as other equipment manufacturers through direct sales personnel, independent sales representatives, and distributors. The company was founded in 1944 and is based in Allen, Texas.
Astronics Corporation serves the world?€?s aerospace, defense, and other mission critical industries with proven, innovative technology solutions. Astronics works side-by-side with customers, integrating its array of power, connectivity, lighting, structures, interiors and test technologies to solve complex challenges. For over 50 years, Astronics has delivered creative, customer-focused solutions with exceptional responsiveness. Today, global airframe manufacturers, airlines, militaries, completion centers and Fortune 500 companies rely on the collaborative spirit and innovation of Astronics.
Antares Pharma, Inc. is a pharmaceutical technology company focused primarily on the development and commercialization of self-administered injectable pharmaceutical products using advanced drug delivery auto injector technology. The Company has a portfolio of proprietary and partnered commercial products with several product candidates in various stages of development, as well as significant strategic alliances with industry leading pharmaceutical companies including Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd. (Teva), AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG), Pfizer Inc. (Pfizer) and Idorsia Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (Idorsia). Antares Pharma?€?s FDA-approved products include XYOSTED ?? (testosterone enanthate) injection, OTREXUP ?? (methotrexate) injection for subcutaneous use and Sumatriptan Injection USP, which is distributed by Teva. The Company also markets NOCDURNA ?? (desmopressin acetate) in the U.S., which was licensed from Ferring Pharmaceuticals.
ATSG is a leading provider of aircraft leasing and air cargo transportation and related services to domestic and foreign air carriers and other companies that outsource their air cargo lift requirements. ATSG, through its leasing and airline subsidiaries, is the world's largest owner and operator of converted Boeing 767 freighter aircraft. Through its principal subsidiaries, including three airlines with separate and distinct U.S. FAA Part 121 Air Carrier certificates, ATSG provides aircraft leasing, air cargo lift, passenger ACMI and charter services, aircraft maintenance services and airport ground services. ATSG's subsidiaries include ABX Air, Inc.; Airborne Global Solutions, Inc.; Airborne Maintenance and Engineering Services, Inc., including its subsidiary, Pemco World Air Services, Inc.; Air Transport International, Inc.; Cargo Aircraft Management, Inc.; and Omni Air International, LLC.
Atento is the largest provider of customer relationship management and business process outsourcing (CRM BPO) services in Latin America, and among the top five providers globally, based on revenues. Atento is also a leading provider of nearshoring CRM/BPO services to companies that carry out their activities in the United States. Since 1999, the company has developed its business model in 13 countries where it employs 150,000 people. Atento has over 400 clients to whom it offers a wide range of CRM/BPO services through multiple channels. Atento's clients are mostly leading multinational corporations in sectors such as telecommunications, banking and financial services, health, retail and public administrations, among others. In 2019, Atento was named one of the World's 25 Best Multinational Workplaces and one of the Best Multinationals to Work for in Latin America by Great Place to Work??. Atento is also the world's first CRM company to be ISO 56002 certified in Innovation Management. Atento's shares trade under the symbol ATTO on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).
Altice USA is one of the largest broadband communications and video services providers in the United States, delivering broadband, video, mobile, proprietary content and advertising services to more than 4.9 million residential and business customers across 21 states through its Optimum and Suddenlink brands. The company operates a4, an advanced advertising and data business, which provides audience- based, multiscreen advertising solutions to local, regional and national businesses and advertising clients. Altice USA also offers hyper-local, national, international and business news through its News 12, Cheddar 1 Including an offer for CDPQ?€?s 21% stake in Cogeco?€?s Atlantic Broadband subsidiary. Assumes exchange rate of 1.319 USD/CDN.
Acorn International is a leading marketing and branding company in??China, leveraging a twenty-year direct marketing history to monetize brand IP, content creation and distribution, and product sales, through digital media in??China.
Activision Blizzard, Inc. connects and engages the world through epic entertainment. A member of the Fortune 500 and S&P 500, Activision Blizzard is a leading interactive entertainment company. We delight hundreds of millions of monthly active users around the world through franchises including Activision?€?s Call of Duty?? and Crash Bandicoot???, Blizzard Entertainment's World of Warcraft??, Overwatch??, Hearthstone??, Diablo??, and StarCraft??, and King's Candy Crush???, Bubble Witch???, and Farm Heroes???. Headquartered in Santa Monica, California, Activision Blizzard has operations throughout the world.

AngloGold Ashanti Limited operates as a gold mining and exploration company. It also produces silver, uranium oxide, copper, molybdenum, and sulphur. The company has 20 operations and exploration projects in South Africa, Continental Africa, Australasia, and the Americas. AngloGold Ashanti Limited was founded in 1944 and is headquartered in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Bankshares Corporation Headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation is the holding company for Atlantic Union Bank. Atlantic Union Bank has 135 branches and approximately 155 ATMs located throughout Virginia, and in portions of Maryland and North Carolina. Middleburg Financial is a brand name used by Atlantic Union Bank and certain affiliates when providing trust, wealth management, private banking, and investment advisory products and services. Certain non-bank affiliates of Atlantic Union Bank include: Old Dominion Capital Management, Inc., and its subsidiary, Outfitter Advisors, Ltd., Dixon, Hubard, Feinour & Brown, Inc., which provide investment advisory services; Middleburg Investment Services, LLC, which provides brokerage services; and Union Insurance Group, LLC, which offers various lines of insurance products.
Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. (the ?€?Company?€?) is the parent company of AuburnBank (the ?€?Bank?€?), with total assets of approximately $938 million. The Bank is an Alabama state-chartered bank that is a member of the Federal Reserve System and has operated continuously since 1907. Both the Company and the Bank are headquartered in Auburn, Alabama. The Bank conducts its business in East Alabama, including Lee County and surrounding areas. The Bank operates eight full-service branches in Auburn, Opelika, Valley and Notasulga, Alabama. The Bank also operates loan production offices in Auburn and Phenix City, Alabama.
AudioCodes Ltd. (NASDAQ, TASE: AUDC) is a leading vendor of advanced communications software, products and productivity solutions for the digital workplace. AudioCodes enables enterprises and service providers to build and operate all-IP voice networks for unified communications, contact centers, and hosted business services. AudioCodes offers a broad range of innovative products, solutions and services that are used by large multi-national enterprises and leading tier-1 operators around the world.
Golden Minerals is a Delaware corporation based in Golden, Colorado. The Company is primarily focused on advancing its Rodeo and Velarde??a properties in Mexico and, through partner-funded exploration, its El Quevar silver property in Argentina, as well as acquiring and advancing mining properties in Mexico, Argentina and Nevada.
Aurinia Pharmaceuticals is a late clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapies to treat targeted patient populations that are impacted by serious diseases with a high unmet medical need. The Company is currently developing the investigational drug, voclosporin, for the treatment of lupus nephritis. The Company?€?s head office is in Victoria, British Columbia and focuses its development efforts globally.
Autolus is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation, programmed T cell therapies for the treatment of cancer. Using a broad suite of proprietary and modular T cell programming technologies, the company is engineering precisely targeted, controlled and highly active T cell therapies that are designed to better recognize cancer cells, break down their defense mechanisms and eliminate these cells. Autolus has a pipeline of product candidates in development for the treatment of hematological malignancies and solid tumors.
AutoWeb, Inc. provides high-quality consumer leads, clicks and associated marketing services to automotive dealers and manufacturers throughout the United States. The company also provides consumers with robust and original online automotive content to help them make informed car-buying decisions. The company pioneered the automotive Internet in 1995 and has since helped tens of millions of automotive consumers research vehicles; connected thousands of dealers nationwide with motivated car buyers; and has helped every major automaker market its brand online. Investors and other interested parties can receive AutoWeb news alerts by accessing the online registration form at investor.autoweb.com/ alerts.cfm.
Applied UV Inc
Yamana Gold Inc. is a Canadian-based precious metals producer with significant gold and silver production, development stage properties, exploration properties, and land positions throughout the Americas, including Canada, Brazil, Chile and Argentina. Yamana plans to continue to build on this base through expansion and optimization initiatives at existing operating mines, development of new mines, the advancement of its exploration properties and, at times, by targeting other consolidation opportunities with a primary focus in the Americas.
Avista Corp. is an energy company involved in the production, transmission and distribution of energy as well as other energy-related businesses. Avista Utilities is the operating division that provides electric service to 397,000 customers and natural gas to 363,000 customers. Its service territory covers 30,000 square miles in eastern Washington, northern Idaho and parts of southern and eastern Oregon, with a population of 1.7 million. Alaska Energy and Resources Company is an Avista subsidiary that provides retail electric service in the city and borough of Juneau, Alaska, through its subsidiary Alaska Electric Light and Power Company. Avista stock is traded under the ticker symbol "AVA."
Grupo Aval Acciones Y Valores, S.A. provides a range of financial services and products to public and private sector customers in Colombia, Central America, and the Caribbean. The company operates in four segments: Banco De Bogot??, Banco De Occidente, Banco Popular, and Banco Comercial AV Villas. It offers various deposit products and services, such as checking accounts, savings accounts, time deposits, correspondent bank deposits, cashier checks, and collection services. The company also provides loan products, including commercial loans comprising general purpose loans, loans funded by development banks, credit cards, and overdraft loans; consumer loans consisting of personal, payroll loans, and automobile and other vehicle; microcredit loans; and mortgage loans, as well as financial leasing. In addition, it offers pension and severance fund management services; and collection and payment solutions, comprising tax payment and customs services, consignment services, online and bar code collection, Web services, credit card collection, electronic collection, automatic debit, third-party electronic payments, programmed service payments, social security payments, and prepaid cards. Further, the company offers foreign exchange services, documentation services, and guarantees; fiduciary services, including portfolio management, collateral and payment services for project finance, and real estate escrow services; merchandise storage and deposit, customs agency, cargo management, and merchandise distribution; brokerage services, fund management, portfolio management, securities management, and capital markets consulting services; and investment banking, treasury, and private banking services. As of December 31, 2014, it operated 1,418 branches and 3,791 ATMs. The company was founded in 1870 and is based in Bogot??, Colombia.
Avanti Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/2 War)
The RQ-20A/B Puma???, Puma??? LE, RQ-11B Raven??, RQ-12A Wasp??, together with the VAPOR?? Helicopter, comprise AeroVironment?€?s family of tactical unmanned aircraft systems. This family of systems provides increased capability to the warfighter that gives ground commanders the option of selecting the appropriate aircraft based on the type of mission to be performed. This increased capability has the potential to provide significant force protection and force multiplication benefits to small tactical units and security personnel. AeroVironment provides logistics services worldwide to ensure a consistently high level of operational readiness. AeroVironment has delivered thousands of new and replacement tactical unmanned air vehicles to customers within the United States and to 50 allied governments. About AeroVironment, Inc. AeroVironment provides technology solutions at the intersection of robotics, sensors, software analytics and connectivity that deliver more actionable intelligence so you can proceed with certainty. AeroVironment provides technology solutions at the intersection of robotics, sensors, software analytics and connectivity that deliver more actionable intelligence so you can proceed with certainty. Celebrating 50 years of innovation, AeroVironment is a global leader in unmanned aircraft systems and tactical missile systems, and serves defense, government and commercial customers.
As of June 30, 2020, the Company owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in 295 apartment communities containing 86,380 apartment homes in 11 states and the District of Columbia, of which 19 communities were under development. The Company is an equity REIT in the business of developing, redeveloping, acquiring and managing apartment communities in leading metropolitan areas primarily in New England, the New York/New Jersey Metro area, the Mid-Atlantic, the Pacific Northwest, and the Northern and Southern California, as well as in the Company?€?s expansion markets consisting of Southeast Florida and Denver, Colorado.
Avalon Globocare
AVCtechnologies makes comprehensive and innovative cloud based UCaaS, Cybersecurity, and IT solutions simple for over 900 enterprise customers, including 350+ managed service clients. Our mission is to be your single destination partner for the white-glove delivery of reliable and secure managed cloud services, hardware, and software.
Pensare Acquisition Corp. Warrant
American Vanguard Corporation is a diversified specialty and agricultural products company that develops and markets products for crop protection and management, turf and ornamentals management and public and animal health. American Vanguard is included on the Russell 2000?? and Russell 3000?? Indexes and the Standard & Poor?€?s Small Cap 600 Index.
Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc is an emerging biopharmaceutical company. The Company?€?s primary focus is the development and FDA approval of FT218, an investigational, once-nightly formulation of sodium oxybate designed to treat excessive daytime sleepiness and cataplexy in patients with narcolepsy.
AVEO is an oncology focused biopharmaceutical company committed to delivering medicines that provide a better life for cancer patients. AVEO?€?s strategy is to focus its resources toward development and commercialization of its product candidates in North America, while leveraging partnerships to support development and commercialization in other geographies. AVEO?€?s lead candidate, tivozanib is approved as FOTIVDA ?? in the European Union and other countries in the EUSA territory for the treatment of adult patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma. AVEO is working to develop and potentially commercialize tivozanib in the U.S. as a treatment for renal cell carcinoma and hepatocellular carcinoma. AVEO has previously reported promising early clinical data on ficlatuzumab (anti-HGF mAb) in head and neck cancer, acute myeloid leukemia and pancreatic cancer and is conducting a randomized Phase 2 confirmatory clinical trial of ficlatuzumab in head and neck cancer. AVEO?€?s earlier-stage pipeline includes several monoclonal antibodies in oncology development, including AV-203 (anti-ErbB3 mAb), AV-380 (anti-GDF15 mAb) and AV-353 (anti-Notch 3 mAb). AVEO is committed to creating an environment of diversity and inclusion as a foundation for innovation.
Avago Technologies Limited (Avago) is a designer, developer and global supplier of a range of analog semiconductor devices with a focus on III-V based products. Its product portfolio is extensive and includes over 6,500 products that it sells into four primary target markets: wireless communications, wired infrastructure, industrial and automotive electronics, and consumer and computing peripherals. Applications for its products in these target markets include cellular phones, consumer appliances, data networking and telecommunications equipment, enterprise storage and servers, renewable energy and smart power grid applications, factory automation, displays, optical mice and printers. In April 2013, Avago Technologies Ltd acquired Javelin Semiconductor Inc. In June 2013, Avago Technologies Ltd announced that it has completed its acquisition of CyOptics, Inc.

Avinger is a commercial-stage medical device company that designs and develops the first and only image-guided, catheter-based system for the diagnosis and treatment of patients with Peripheral Artery Disease (PAD). PAD is estimated to affect over 12 million people in the U.S. and over 200 million worldwide. Avinger is dedicated to radically changing the way vascular disease is treated through its Lumivascular platform, which currently consists of the Lightbox imaging console, the Ocelot family of chronic total occlusion (CTO) catheters, and the Pantheris?? family of atherectomy devices. Avinger is based in Redwood City, California.
Avid Technology, Inc. (Avid) is a provider of digital media content-creation products and solutions for film, video, audio and broadcast professionals, as well as artists and home enthusiasts. The Company provides digital media content-creation products and solutions to customers in the three market segments: media enterprises, professionals and Creative Enthusiasts. The Company provides a range of software and hardware products and solutions, as well as services offerings, to address the needs, skills and levels found within its customer market segments. The Company offers video and audio products and solutions, which are designed for the desktop or home studio. The Company offers a range of products and solutions, including hardware- and software-based video- and audio-editing tools, collaborative workflow and asset management solutions, and graphics-creation and automation tools, as well as scalable media storage options.
Atea Pharmaceuticals Inc
Avalara helps businesses of all sizes get tax compliance right. In partnership with leading ERP, accounting, ecommerce, and other financial management system providers, Avalara delivers cloud-based compliance solutions for various transaction taxes, including sales and use, VAT, GST, excise, communications, lodging, and other indirect tax types. Headquartered in Seattle, Avalara has offices across the U.S. and around the world in Brazil, Europe, and India.
Avanos Medical, Inc. is a medical technology company focused on delivering clinically superior breakthrough medical device solutions to improve patients' quality of life. Headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia, Avanos is committed to addressing some of today's most important healthcare needs, such as reducing the use of opioids while helping patients move from surgery to recovery. Avanos develops, manufactures and markets its recognized brands in more than 90 countries.
PolyOne Corporation, with 2019 revenues of $2.9 billion, is a premier provider of specialized polymer materials, services and solutions. The company adds value to global customers and improves sustainability through formulating materials, such as: Barrier technologies that preserve the shelf-life and quality of food, beverages, medicine and other perishable goods through high-performance materials that require less plastic Light-weighting solutions that replace heavier traditional materials like metal, glass and wood, which can improve fuel efficiency in all modes of transportation Breakthrough technologies that minimize wastewater and improve the recyclability of materials and packaging across a spectrum of end uses PolyOne employs approximately 5,600 associates, is certified ACC Responsible Care?? and is a founding member of the Alliance to End Plastic Waste.
Aviat Networks, Inc.??is the leading expert in wireless transport solutions and works to provide dependable products, services and support to its customers. With more than one million systems sold into 170 countries worldwide, communications service providers and private network operators including state/local government, utility, federal government and defense organizations trust Aviat with their critical applications. Coupled with a long history of microwave innovations, Aviat provides a comprehensive suite of localized professional and support services enabling customers to drastically simplify both their networks and their lives. For more than 70 years, the experts at Aviat have delivered high-performance products, simplified operations, and the best overall customer experience. Aviat Networks??is headquartered in??Austin, Texas.
Mission Produce is a world leader in sourcing, producing and distributing fresh avocados, servicing retail, wholesale and foodservice customers in over 25 countries. The Company?€?s operations consist of four packing facilities in the United States, Mexico and Peru, 11 distribution and ripening centers across the U.S., Canada, China and the Netherlands, as well as three sales offices in the U.S., China and the Netherlands.
AVROBIO, Inc. is a leading, Phase 2 gene therapy company focused on the development of its investigational gene therapy, AVR-RD-01, in Fabry disease, as well as additional gene therapy programs in other lysosomal storage disorders including Gaucher disease, cystinosis and Pompe disease. The Company?€?s plato??? platform includes a proprietary vector system, automated cell manufacturing solution and refined conditioning regimen deploying therapeutic drug monitoring. AVROBIO is headquartered in Cambridge, MA and has offices in Toronto, ON.
Avnet is a global technology solutions provider with an extensive ecosystem delivering design, product, marketing and supply chain expertise for customers at every stage of the product lifecycle. We transform ideas into intelligent solutions, reducing the time, cost and complexities of bringing products to market. For nearly a century, Avnet has helped its customers and suppliers around the world realize the transformative possibilities of technology.
Avantor Inc
Avantor Inc. Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock
Anavex Life Sciences Corp. is a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of differentiated therapeutics for the treatment of neurodegenerative and neurodevelopmental disorders including Alzheimer?€?s disease, Parkinson?€?s disease, Rett syndrome and other central nervous system (CNS) diseases, pain and various types of cancer. Anavex?€?s lead drug candidate, ANAVEX ?? 2-73 ( blarcamesine ), recently completed a successful Phase 2a clinical trial for Alzheimer?€?s disease. ANAVEX ?? 2-73 ( blarcamesine ) is an orally available drug candidate that restores cellular homeostasis by targeting sigma-1 and muscarinic receptors. Preclinical studies demonstrated its potential to halt and/or reverse the course of Alzheimer?€?s disease. ANAVEX ?? 2-73 ( blarcamesine ) also exhibited anticonvulsant, anti-amnesic, neuroprotective and anti-depressant properties in animal models, indicating its potential to treat additional CNS disorders, including epilepsy. The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson?€?s Research previously awarded Anavex a research grant, which fully funded a preclinical study to develop ANAVEX ?? 2-73 ( blarcamesine ) for the treatment of Parkinson?€?s disease. ANAVEX ?? 3-71, which targets sigma-1 and muscarinic receptors, is a promising preclinical drug candidate demonstrating disease-modifying activity against the major hallmarks of Alzheimer?€?s disease in transgenic (3xTg-AD) mice, including cognitive deficits, amyloid and tau pathologies. In preclinical trials, ANAVEX ?? 3-71 has shown beneficial effects on mitochondrial dysfunction and neuroinflammation.
Avery Dennison is a global materials science company specializing in the design and manufacture of a wide variety of labeling and functional materials. The company?€?s products, which are used in nearly every major industry, include pressure-sensitive materials for labels and graphic applications; tapes and other bonding solutions for industrial, medical and retail applications; tags, labels and embellishments for apparel; and radio-frequency identification (RFID) solutions serving retail apparel and other markets. Headquartered in Glendale, California, the company employs more than 30,000 employees in over 50 countries. Reported sales in 2019 were $7.1 billion.
Avaya Holdings Corp. - Ordinary Shares
Aspira Women?€?s Health, Inc. (formerly known as, Vermillion inc.,??Nasdaq:??VRML) is transforming women?€?s health with the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative testing options and bio-analytical solutions that help physicians assess risk, optimize patient management, and improve gynecologic health outcomes for women. ASPIRA is particularly focused on closing the ethnic disparity gap in ovarian cancer risk assessment and developing solutions for pelvic diseases such as pelvic mass risk assessment and endometriosis. OVA1 ?? plus includes our FDA-cleared products, OVA1 ?? and OVERA ?? to detect risk of ovarian malignancy in women with adnexal masses. ASPIRA GenetiX TM testing offers both targeted and comprehensive genetic testing options with a gynecologic focus. With over 10 years of expertise in ovarian cancer risk assessment, ASPIRA is delivering a portfolio of pelvic mass products over a patient?€?s lifetime with our cutting-edge research. The next generation of products in development are OVANEX TM and EndoCheck TM.
Armstrong World Industries, Inc. (AWI) is a leader in the design and manufacture of innovative commercial and residential ceiling, wall and suspension system solutions in the Americas. With over $1 billion in revenue in 2019, AWI has approximately 2,500 employees and a manufacturing network of 14 facilities, plus 5 facilities dedicated to its WAVE joint venture.
With a history dating back to 1886, American Water is the largest and most geographically diverse U.S. publicly traded water and wastewater utility company. The company employs more than 6,800 dedicated professionals who provide regulated and market-based drinking water, wastewater and other related services to 15 million people in 46 states. American Water provides safe, clean, affordable and reliable water services to our customers to make sure we keep their lives flowing.
American States Water Company is the parent of Golden State Water Company, Bear Valley Electric Service, Inc. and American States Utility Services, Inc. Through its water utility subsidiary, Golden State Water Company, AWR provides service to approximately 261,000 customer connections located within more than 80 communities in Northern, Coastal and Southern California. Its electric utility subsidiary, Bear Valley Electric Service, Inc. distributes electricity to approximately 24,000 customer connections in the City of Big Bear Lake and surrounding areas in San Bernardino County, California. Through its contracted services subsidiary, American States Utility Services, Inc., the company provides operations, maintenance and construction management services for water distribution and wastewater collection and treatment facilities located on eleven military bases throughout the country under 50-year privatization contracts with the U.S. government. American States Water Company Consolidated Comparative Condensed Balance Sheets (Unaudited) (in thousands) June 30, 2020 December 31, 2019 Assets Net Property, Plant and Equipment $1,456,398 $1,415,705 Goodwill 1,116 1,116 Other Property and Investments 30,239 30,293 Current Assets 137,026 122,456 Regulatory and Other Assets 73,189 71,761 Total Assets $1,697,968 $1,641,331 Capitalization and Liabilities Capitalization $900,174 $882,526 Current Liabilities 158,687 115,998 Other Credits 639,107 642,807 Total Capitalization and Liabilities $1,697,968 $1,641,331 Condensed Statements of Income (Unaudited) (in thousands, except per share amounts) Three months ended June 30, Six months ended June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Operating Revenues Water $ 87,074 $ 88,140 $ 158,498 $ 152,863 Electric 7,679 7,408 18,647 18,037 Contracted services 26,525 29,099 53,210 55,480 Total operating revenues 121,278 124,647 230,355 226,380 Operating Expenses Water purchased 18,754 18,762 32,846 31,902 Power purchased for pumping 2,398 1,982 4,257 3,520 Groundwater production assessment 5,030 4,640 9,178 8,386 Power purchased for resale 1,967 2,391 5,010 6,095 Supply cost balancing accounts (1,802 ) 1,207 (3,967 ) (165 ) Other operation 7,959 7,708 16,445 16,279 Administrative and general 20,398 19,529 43,348 41,201 Depreciation and amortization 9,031 6,655 17,842 17,487 Maintenance 4,094 3,053 7,978 5,619 Property and other taxes 5,246 4,870 10,405 9,766 ASUS construction 12,487 14,532 25,602 26,777 Gain on sale of assets ?€? (112 ) (4 ) (112 ) Total operating expenses 85,562 85,217 168,940 166,755 Operating income 35,716 39,430 61,415 59,625 Other Income and Expenses Interest expense (5,322 ) (6,282 ) (11,372 ) (12,599 ) Interest income 490 876 1,048 1,818 Other, net 3,009 591 775 1,933 Total other income and expenses, net (1,823 ) (4,815 ) (9,549 ) (8,848 ) Income Before Income Tax Expense 33,893 34,615 51,866 50,777 Income tax expense 8,281 7,831 12,182 11,141 Net Income $ 25,612 $ 26,784 $ 39,684 $ 39,636 Weighted average shares outstanding 36,884 36,804 36,872 36,788 Basic earnings per Common Share $ 0.69 $ 0.72 $ 1.07 $ 1.07 Weighted average diluted shares 37,000 36,963 36,985 36,942 Fully diluted earnings per Common Share $ 0.69 $ 0.72 $ 1.07 $ 1.07 Dividends paid per Common Share $ 0.305 $ 0.275 $ 0.610 $ 0.550
Aware, a global leader in??productized biometrics software products, solutions and services,??provides critical biometric functionality to collect, manage, process, and match biometric images and data for identification and authentication. With their decades-long experience, Aware leads the market in liveness detection and multi-modal fusion to protect client and business processes through fingerprint, face, iris, and voice matching algorithms, mobile biometric capture and authentication software, a biometric workflow and middleware platform, and a fully-scalable ABIS. Their device-agnostic, integration-ready, and customer-managed products enable ease-of-use for enterprises to empower individuals to own their identities. Aware serves customers across a multitude of industries, including financial services, enterprise security, healthcare, human resources, citizen ID, border management, law enforcement, defense, and intelligence. Aware is a publicly held company based in??Bedford, Massachusetts.
Avalon Holdings Corporation (Avalon) is a subsidiary of American Waste Services, Inc. (AWS). Avalon operates in two business segments: waste management services and golf and related operations. The waste management services segment includes waste disposal brokerage and management services and captive landfill management operations. The golf and related operations segment includes the operation and management of golf courses, fitness centers, tennis, spa services, dining and banquet facilities and a travel agency. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the net operating revenues of the waste management services segment represented approximately 81% of its total segments' net operating revenues. During 2011, the net operating revenues of the golf and related operations segment represented approximately 19% of its total segments' net operating revenues.
The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Axos Financial, Inc. (?€?Axos?€?) and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Axos Bank (the ?€?Bank?€?) and Axos Nevada Holding, LLC (the ?€?Axos Nevada Holding?€? and collectively, the ?€?Company?€?). Axos Nevada Holding wholly owns its subsidiary Axos Securities, LLC, which wholly owns subsidiaries Axos Clearing, LLC, a clearing broker dealer, Axos Invest, Inc., a registered investment advisor, and Axos Invest LLC, an introducing broker dealer. With approximately $12.2 billion in assets, Axos Bank provides consumer and business banking products through its low-cost distribution channels and affinity partners. Axos Clearing LLC and Axos Invest, Inc., provide comprehensive securities clearing services to introducing broker-dealers and registered investment advisor correspondents and digital investment advisory services to retail investors, respectively. Axos Financial, Inc.?€?s common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol ?€?AX?€? and is a component of the Russell 2000?? Index and the S&P SmallCap 600?? Index.
Abraxas Petroleum Corporation is an independent energy company primarily engaged in the acquisition, exploitation, development and production of oil and gas in the United States and Canada. As of December 31, 2011, the Company's estimated net proved reserves were 29.0 million barrels of oil equivalent (MMBoe), (including reserves attributable to its 34.7% equity interest in the proved reserves of Blue Eagle), of which 53% were classified as proved developed, 54% were oil and natural gas liquids (NGL's) and 94% by PV-10 were operated. Its daily net production during the year ended December 31, 2011, was 3,484 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which 45% was oil or liquids. Its oil and gas assets are located in four operating regions in the United States, the Rocky Mountain, Mid-Continent, Permian Basin and onshore Gulf Coast, and in the province of Alberta, Canada.
Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc., formerly Accelr8 Technology Corporation, is focused on developing and commercializing instrumentation for the rapid identification and antibiotic susceptibility testing of infectious pathogens. The Company focuses on the development of a rapid diagnostic platform, the BACcel system, intended for rapid diagnosis in life-threatening bacterial infections. The BACcel system applies its technology to eliminate bacterial culturing, thus eliminating the source of delay with testing methods. The Company's BACcel system uses bacteriological testing principles, but applies the Company's technology to adapt them to analyze live bacteria extracted directly from a patient specimen. The instrumentation uses automated digital microscopy to measure the responses of extracted live bacterial cells to various test conditions.
No Description Available
American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc. (AAM) manufactures, engineers, designs and validates driveline and drivetrain systems and related components and chassis modules for light trucks, sport utility vehicles (SUVs), passenger cars, crossover vehicles and commercial vehicles. Driveline and drivetrain systems include components that transfer power from the transmission and deliver it to the drive wheels. The Company's driveline, drivetrain and related products include axles, chassis modules, driveshafts, power transfer units, transfer cases, chassis and steering components, driveheads, transmission parts and metal-formed products.
Axcella is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on leveraging endogenous metabolic modulators (EMMs) to pioneer a new approach for treating complex diseases and improving health. The company?€?s product candidates are comprised of EMMs and their derivatives that are engineered in distinct combinations and ratios to simultaneously impact multiple biological pathways. Axcella?€?s pipeline includes lead therapeutic candidates for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and the reduction in risk of overt hepatic encephalopathy (OHE) recurrence.
Axonics ModulationTechnologies Inc - Ordinary Shares
Axos Financial Inc. 6.25% Subordinated Notes Due 2026
American Express is a globally integrated payments company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success.
?€? AMREP Corporation, through its subsidiaries, is a major holder of land and leading developer of real estate in New Mexico.
AXIS Capital Holdings Limited is a holding company for the AXIS group of companies. The Company provides a range of specialty (re)insurance on a worldwide basis, through operating subsidiaries and branch networks based in Bermuda, the United States, Canada, Europe, Australia and Singapore. The Company's business consists of two global underwriting platforms, AXIS Insurance and AXIS Reinsurance. The lines of business in reinsurance segment include catastrophe, property, professional lines, credit and bond, motor, liability, engineering, and other. The lines of business in its insurance segment include property, marine, terrorism, aviation, credit and political risk, professional lines, liability, and accident and health.
Axis Capital Holdings Limited Depositary Shares Series E
Axsome Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for the management of central nervous system (CNS) disorders for which there are limited treatment options. For the many people facing unsatisfactory treatments for CNS disorders, Axsome accelerates the invention and adoption of life-changing medicines. Axsome?€?s core CNS product candidate portfolio includes five clinical-stage candidates, AXS-05, AXS-07, AXS-09, AXS-12, and AXS-14. AXS-05 is being developed for major depressive disorder (MDD), treatment resistant depression (TRD), Alzheimer?€?s disease (AD) agitation, and as a treatment for smoking cessation. AXS-07 is being developed for the acute treatment of migraine. AXS-12 is being developed for the treatment of narcolepsy. AXS-14 is being developed for fibromyalgia. AXS-05, AXS-07, AXS-09, AXS-12, and AXS-14 are investigational drug products not approved by the FDA.
The Company is a global leader in the coatings industry, providing customers with innovative, colorful, beautiful and sustainable coatings solutions. From light vehicles, commercial vehicles and refinish applications to electric motors, building facades and other industrial applications, our coatings are designed to prevent corrosion, increase productivity and enhance durability. With more than 150 years of experience in the coatings industry, the global team at the Company continues to find ways to serve our more than 100,000 customers in over 130 countries better every day with the finest coatings, application systems and technology.
Axtive Corp
AXT is a material science company that develops and manufactures high-performance compound and single element semiconductor substrate wafers comprising indium phosphide (InP), gallium arsenide (GaAs) and germanium (Ge). The company?€?s substrate wafers are used when a typical silicon substrate wafer cannot meet the performance requirements of a semiconductor or optoelectronic device. End markets include 5G infrastructure, data center connectivity (silicon photonics), passive optical networks, LED lighting, lasers, sensors, power amplifiers for wireless devices and satellite solar cells. AXT?€?s worldwide headquarters are in Fremont, California where the company maintains its sales, administration and customer service functions. AXT has manufacturing facilities in??China??and, as part of its supply chain strategy, has partial ownership in ten companies in China producing raw materials.
Alexco Resource Corp. is engaged in mining, exploring, and developing mineral properties in Canada. It explores for silver, lead, gold, and zinc. The company owns interests in various deposits in the Keno Hill District located near the village of Keno City, Yukon Territory. It also provides environmental services, such as consulting, remediation solutions, and project management services related to environmental permitting and compliance, and site remediation for mine and industrial sites in Canada, the United States, and the Americas. Alexco Resource Corp. was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.
Atlantica Yield plc
Acuity Brands, Inc. is a market-leading industrial technology company. We design, manufacture, and bring to market innovative products and services that make the world more brilliant, productive, and connected including building management systems, lighting, lighting controls, and location-aware applications. Based in Atlanta, Georgia, with operations across North America, Europe, and Asia, we are powered by over 10,000 dedicated and talented associates.
Ayala Pharmaceuticals Inc
DropCar Inc
Aytu Bioscience
As a leader in analytic process automation (APA), Alteryx unifies analytics, data science and business process automation in one, end-to-end platform to accelerate digital transformation. Organizations of all sizes, all over the world, rely on the Alteryx Analytic Process Automation Platform??? to deliver high-impact business outcomes and the rapid upskilling of their modern workforce.
DELISTED - ALZA CORP
AllianzIM U.S. Large Cap Buffer10 Jul
AllianzIM U.S. Large Cap Buffer20 Apr
AllianzIM U.S. Large Cap Buffer20 Jul
Azek Company Inc
AstraZeneca strives to ensure that appropriate patients and their oncologists have access to IMFINZI and relevant support resources. These include educational resources, an Oncology Nurse Educator program and affordability and reimbursement programs, such as Access 360???. Additionally, AstraZeneca has launched Lighthouse, a program that provides support to patients during any immune-mediated adverse events they may encounter during treatment, through medically trained Lighthouse Advocates. The program aims to make patients?€? treatment experience as comfortable as possible. Find out more about Lighthouse at LighthouseProgram.com or call 1-855-LHOUSE1 (1-855-546-8731). About AstraZeneca in lung cancer AstraZeneca has a comprehensive portfolio of approved and potential new medicines in late-stage development for the treatment of different forms of lung cancer spanning different histologies, several stages of disease, lines of therapy and modes of action. AstraZeneca has a comprehensive portfolio of approved and potential new medicines in late-stage development for the treatment of different forms of lung cancer spanning different histologies, several stages of disease, lines of therapy and modes of action. An extensive Immuno-Oncology (IO) development program focuses on lung cancer patients without a targetable genetic mutation, which represent up to three-quarters of all patients with lung cancer. 17 IMFINZI, an anti-PDL1 antibody, is in development for patients with advanced disease (POSEIDON and PEARL Phase III trials) and for patients in earlier stages of disease, including potentially-curative settings (MERMAID-1, AEGEAN, ADJUVANT BR.31, PACIFIC-2, PACIFIC-4, PACIFIC-5, and ADRIATIC Phase III trials) both as monotherapy and in combination with tremelimumab and/or chemotherapy. IMFINZI is also in development in the Phase II trials NeoCOAST, COAST and HUDSON in combination with potential new medicines from the early-stage pipeline, including Enhertu (trastuzumab deruxtecan). About AstraZeneca?€?s approach to IO IO is a therapeutic approach designed to stimulate the body?€?s immune system to attack tumors. The Company?€?s IO portfolio is anchored by immunotherapies that have been designed to overcome anti-tumor immune suppression. AstraZeneca is invested in using IO approaches that deliver long-term survival for new groups of patients across tumor types. The Company is pursuing a comprehensive clinical-trial program that includes IMFINZI as a monotherapy and in combination with tremelimumab in multiple tumor types, stages of disease, and lines of therapy, and where relevant using the PD-L1 biomarker as a decision-making tool to define the best potential treatment path for a patient. In addition, the ability to combine the IO portfolio with radiation, chemotherapy, small targeted molecules from across AstraZeneca?€?s Oncology pipeline, and from research partners, may provide new treatment options across a broad range of tumors. About AstraZeneca in oncology AstraZeneca has a deep-rooted heritage in oncology and offers a quickly growing portfolio of new medicines that has the potential to transform patients' lives and the Company's future. AstraZeneca has a deep-rooted heritage in oncology and offers a quickly growing portfolio of new medicines that has the potential to transform patients' lives and the Company's future. With seven new medicines launched between 2014 and 2020, and a broad pipeline of small molecules and biologics in development, the Company is committed to advance oncology as a key growth driver for AstraZeneca focused on lung, ovarian, breast and blood cancers. By harnessing the power of six scientific platforms ?€? Immuno-Oncology, Tumor Drivers and Resistance, DNA Damage Response, Antibody Drug Conjugates, Epigenetics, and Cell Therapies ?€? and by championing the development of personalized combinations, AstraZeneca has the vision to redefine cancer treatment and one day eliminate cancer as a cause of death. About AstraZeneca AstraZeneca is a global, science-led biopharmaceutical company that focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of prescription medicines, primarily for the treatment of diseases in three therapy areas - Oncology, Cardiovascular, Renal & Metabolism and Respiratory. AstraZeneca is a global, science-led biopharmaceutical company that focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of prescription medicines, primarily for the treatment of diseases in three therapy areas - Oncology, Cardiovascular, Renal & Metabolism and Respiratory. AstraZeneca operates in over 100 countries and its innovative medicines are used by millions of patients worldwide. For more information, please visit www. astrazeneca-us.com and follow us on Twitter @AstraZenecaUS. References 1. ASCO. Cancer.net. Lung Cancer ?€? Non-Small Cell. Available at: https://www.cancer.net/cancer-types/lung-cancer/view-all. Accessed September 2020. 2. Cheema PK, et al. Perspectives on Treatment Advances For Stage III Locally Advanced Unresectable Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer. Curr Oncol. 2019;26(1):37-42. 3. Antonia SJ, et al. PACIFIC Investigators. Durvalumab After Chemoradiotherapy In Stage III Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer. N Engl J Med. 2017;377(20):1919-1929. 4. EpiCast Report: NSCLC Epidemiology Forecast to 2025. GlobalData. 2016. 5. Provencio M, et al. Inoperable Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: Current Treatment And Role Of Vinorelbine. J Thorac Dis. 2011;3:197-204. 6. Curran WJ, et al. Sequential vs Concurrent Chemoradiation for Stage III Non?€?Small Cell Lung Cancer: Randomized Phase III Trial RTOG 9410. J Natl Cancer Inst. 2011;103(19):1452-1460. 7. NCCN. NCCN Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines) - Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Version 8. 2017. https://www.nccn.org/professionals/physician_gls/pdf/nscl_blocks.pdf. Accessed September 2020. 8. Hanna N, et al. Current Standards and Clinical Trials in Systemic Therapy for Stage III Lung Cancer: What is New? Am Soc Clin Oncol Educ Book. 2015:e442-447. 9. Kalemkerian GP, et al. Treatment Options for Relapsed Small-Cell Lung Cancer: What Progress Have We Made? J Oncol Pract. 2018;14(6):369-370. 10. National Cancer Institute. NCI Dictionary ?€? Small Cell Lung Cancer. Available at https://www.cancer.gov/publications/dictionaries/cancer-terms/def/small-cell-lung-cancer. Accessed November 2020. 11. Cancer.Net. Lung Cancer - Small Cell. Available at https://www.cancer.net/cancer-types/lung-cancer-small-cell. Accessed November 2020. 12. ASCO. Cancer.net. Bladder Cancer. Available at: https://www.cancer.net/cancer-types/bladder-cancer/statistics. Accessed August 2020. 13. Von der Maase H, et al. Long-Term Survival Results of a Randomized Trial Comparing Gemcitabine Plus Cisplatin, with Methotrexate, Vinblastine, Doxorubicin, Plus Cisplatin in Patients with Bladder Cancer. J Clin Oncol. 2005;23:4602-4608. 14. American Society of Clinical Oncology. Bladder Cancer: Introduction. Available at https://www.cancer.net/cancer-types/bladder-cancer/introduction. Accessed September 2020. 15. American Society of Clinical Oncology. Bladder Cancer: Introduction. Available at https://www.cancer.net/cancer-types/bladder-cancer/introduction. Accessed August 2020. 16. Magdalene J, et al. Immune Responses in Bladder Cancer-Role of Immune Cell Populations, Prognostic Factors and Therapeutic Implications. Front Oncol. 2019;9:1270. 17. Pakkala, S, et al. Personalized Therapy for Lung Cancer: Striking a Moving Target. JCI Insight. 2018;3(15):e120858. US-47731 Last Updated 11/20
As of August 29, 2020, the Company had 5,885 stores in the U.S., 621 stores in Mexico and 43 stores in Brazil for a total store count of 6,549. AutoZone??is the leading retailer and a leading distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in??the United States. Each??AutoZone??store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories, and non-automotive products. Many stores also have a commercial sales program that provides commercial credit and prompt delivery of parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations, and public sector accounts. AutoZone??also sells the ALLDATA brand diagnostic and repair software through www.alldata.com. Additionally, AutoZone sells automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories, and non-automotive products through www.autozone.com and our commercial customers can make purchases through www.autozonepro.com. AutoZone??does not derive revenue from automotive repair or installation.
Aspen Technology (AspenTech) is a global leader in asset optimization software. Its solutions address complex, industrial environments where it is critical to optimize the asset design, operation and maintenance lifecycle. AspenTech uniquely combines decades of process modelling expertise with artificial intelligence. Its purpose-built software platform automates knowledge work and builds sustainable competitive advantage by delivering high returns over the entire asset lifecycle. As a result, companies in capital-intensive industries can maximize uptime and push the limits of performance, running their assets safer, greener, longer and faster. Visit AspenTech.com to find out more. ?? 2020 Aspen Technology, Inc. AspenTech, aspenONE??, the Aspen leaf logo, Aspen, Aspen GDOT??? are trademarks of Aspen Technology, Inc. All rights reserved.
Azure Power is a leading independent solar power producer in India. Azure Power developed India's first private utility scale solar project in 2009 and has been at the forefront in the sector as a developer, constructor and operator of utility scale, micro-grid and rooftop solar projects since its inception in 2008. With its in-house engineering, procurement and construction expertise and advanced in-house operations and maintenance capability, Azure Power manages the entire development and operation process, providing low-cost solar power solutions to customers throughout India.
AzurRx BioPharma, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company specializing in the research and development of non-systemic biologics for gastrointestinal disorders. The Company is focused on the development of its lead drug candidate, MS1819. AzurRx is currently conducting two Phase 2 clinical trials of MS1819: the OPTION 2 monotherapy trial and the Combination therapy trial, consisting of MS1819 in conjunction with porcine-derived pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy, the current standard of care. The Company is headquartered in New York, New York, with clinical operations in Hayward, California.

Aziyo Biologics Inc - Class A
AZZ Inc. is a global provider of metal coating solutions, welding solutions, specialty electrical equipment and highly engineered services to the markets of power generation, transmission, distribution and industrial in protecting metal and electrical systems used to build and enhance the world's infrastructure. AZZ Metal Coatings is a leading provider of metal finishing solutions for corrosion protection, including hot dip galvanizing to the North American steel fabrication industry. AZZ Infrastructure Solutions (formerly Energy) is dedicated to delivering safe and reliable transmission of power from generation sources to end customers, and automated weld overlay solutions for corrosion and erosion mitigation to critical infrastructure in the energy markets worldwide.
Barnes Group Inc. is a global provider of highly engineered products, differentiated industrial technologies, and innovative solutions, serving a wide range of end markets and customers. Its specialized products and services are used in far-reaching applications including aerospace, transportation, manufacturing, automation, healthcare, and packaging. Barnes Group?€?s skilled and dedicated employees around the globe are committed to the highest performance standards and achieving consistent, sustainable profitable growth.
Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading provider of commercial airplanes, defense, space and security systems, and global services. As a top U.S. exporter, the company supports commercial and government customers in more than 150 countries and leverages the talents of a global supplier base. Building on a legacy of aerospace leadership, Boeing continues to lead in technology and innovation, deliver for its customers and invest in its people and future growth. Contacts Boeing Communications Jessica Kowal [email??protected] Bernard Choi [email??protected] SOURCE Boeing Related Links http://www.boeing.com
Established in 2009, Alibaba Cloud ( alibabacloud.com ), the digital technology and intelligence backbone of Alibaba Group, is among the world's top three IaaS providers, according to Gartner. It is also the largest provider of public cloud services in China, according to IDC. Alibaba Cloud provides a comprehensive suite of cloud computing services to businesses worldwide, including merchants doing business on Alibaba Group marketplaces, start-ups, corporations and public services. Alibaba Cloud is the official Cloud Services Partner of the International Olympic Committee. SOURCE Alibaba Cloud Related Links https://www.alibabacloud.com
Bank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management, and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving approximately 66 million consumer and small business clients with approximately 4,300 retail financial centers, including approximately 2,400 lending centers, 2,600 financial centers with a Consumer Investment Financial Solutions Advisor and 1,900 business centers; approximately 16,600 ATMs; and award-winning digital banking with nearly 38 million active users, including approximately 29 million mobile users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 3 million small business owners through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and approximately 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. SOURCE Electrify America, LLC Related Links http://www.electrifyamerica.com
Bank of America Corporation Depositary Shares each representing a 1/1000 th interest in a share of 6.000% Non-Cumulative
Bank of America Corporation Depositary Shares Series G
Bank of America Corporation Depositary Shares Series C
Bank of America Corporation Depositary Sh repstg 1/1000th Perp Pfd Ser E
Bank of America Corporation Depositary Shares Series H
Bank of America Corporation Non Cumulative Perpetual Conv Pfd Ser L

Bank Of America Corp
For more than 100 years, business, government, and military leaders have turned to Booz Allen Hamilton to solve their most complex problems. As a consulting firm with experts in analytics, digital, engineering and cyber, we help organizations transform. We are a key partner on some of the most innovative programs for governments worldwide and trusted by the most sensitive agencies. We work shoulder to shoulder with clients, using a mission-first approach to choose the right strategy and technology to help them realize their vision. With global headquarters in McLean, Virginia, our firm employs about 27,200 people globally, and had revenue of $7.5 billion for the 12 months ended March 31, 2020.
Braskem SA, formerly Copene Petroquimica do Nordeste SA, is a Brazil-based company primarily engaged in the manufacture of basic petrochemical products. The Company's products portfolio includes ethylene, propylene, butadiene, toluene, xylene, benzene, gasoline, diesel oil, liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), as well as thermoplastic resins, such as polyethylene (PE), polypropylene (PP) and polyvinyl chloride (PVC). As of December 31, 2011, the Company had 35 industrial units, including 28 in Brazil, five in the United States and two in Germany. Additionally, it is engaged in the import and export of chemicals, petrochemicals and fuels. The Company divides its activities into five sectors: Basic Petrochemicals, Polyolefins, Vinyls, International Businesses and Chemical Distribution. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had a number of subsidiaries in Brazil, the United States, Argentina, Chile, Netherlands, Germany, Cayman Islands, Mexico, the British Virgin Islands, Bahamas and Uruguay.
Bally's Corporation currently owns and operates 10 casinos across six states, a horse racetrack, and 13 authorized OTB licenses in Colorado. With more than 5,400 employees, the Company's operations include 11,859 slot machines, 405 game tables and 2,538 hotel rooms. Properties include Twin River Casino Hotel ( Lincoln, RI ), Tiverton Casino Hotel ( Tiverton, RI ), Hard Rock Hotel & Casino ( Biloxi, MS ), Casino Vicksburg ( Vicksburg, MS ), Dover Downs Hotel & Casino ( Dover, DE ), Bally's Atlantic City ( Atlantic City, NJ ), Casino KC ( Kansas City, MO ), Golden Gates Casino ( Black Hawk, CO ), Golden Gulch Casino ( Black Hawk, CO ), Mardi Gras Casino ( Black Hawk, CO ), and Arapahoe Park racetrack ( Aurora, CO ). Following the completion of pending acquisitions, which include Tropicana Evansville ( Evansville, IN ), Jumer's Casino & Hotel ( Rock Island, IL ), Eldorado Shreveport Resort and Casino ( Shreveport, LA ), and MontBleu Resort Casino & Spa ( Lake Tahoe, NV ), the Company will own and operate 14 casinos across 10 states. Its shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "BALY." About Bet.Works Bet.Works is a U.S.-based technology and services company delivering the most advanced iGaming and sportsbook products. Its flexible suite of proprietary solutions, coupled with a sophisticated managed service offering, uniquely position Bet.Works to provide US-ready solutions to enterprise, tribal and regional clients. Bet.Works is the only company to have concurrently been granted GLI 19 & 33 certifications. For more information, please visit www.bet.works. Forward Looking Statements This communication contains "forward-looking" statements as that term is defined in the federal securities laws.
Brookfield Asset Management is a leading global alternative asset manager with more than $365 billion in assets under management. The company has more than a 115-year history of owning and operating assets with a focus on real estate, renewable power, infrastructure, and private equity. Brookfield offers a range of public and private investment products and services and is co-listed on the New York, Toronto and Euronext stock exchanges under the symbol BAM, BAM.A and BAMA, respectively.
Brookfield Finance Inc
Banc of California, Inc. is a bank holding company with approximately $7.7 billion in assets and one wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Banc of California, N.A. (the ?€?Bank?€?). The Bank has 39 offices including 31 full-service branches located throughout Southern California. Through our dedicated professionals, we provide customized and innovative banking and lending solutions to businesses, entrepreneurs and individuals throughout California. We help to improve the communities where we live and work, by supporting organizations that provide financial literacy and job training, small business support and affordable housing. With a commitment to service and to building enduring relationships, we provide a higher standard of banking. We look forward to helping you achieve your goals.
Banc of California Inc. Depositary Shares Series D
Banc of California Inc. Depositary Shares Series E
Bandwidth is a software company focused on communications for the enterprise. Companies like Google, Microsoft, and RingCentral use Bandwidth's APIs to easily embed voice, messaging and 911 access into software and applications. Bandwidth is the first and only CPaaS provider offering a robust selection of communications APIs built around their own nationwide IP voice network- one of the largest in the nation.
BancFirst Corporation is financial holding company and a bank holding company. The Company conducts all of its operating activities through its principal wholly owned subsidiary, BancFirst (the Bank), a state-chartered bank in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The Company has four principal business units: metropolitan banks, community banks, other financial services, and executive, operations and support. As of December 31, 2012, the Company has 93 banking locations serving 51 communities throughout Oklahoma. The Bank provides a range of retail and commercial banking services, including commercial, real estate, agricultural and consumer lending; depository and funds transfer services; collections; safe deposit boxes; cash management services; retail brokerage services, and other services tailored for both individual and corporate customers. The Bank also offers trust services and acts as executor, administrator, trustee, transfer agent and in various other fiduciary capacities.
No Description Available
A Washington-chartered commercial bank, Banner conducts business in Washington, Oregon, California and Idaho. The bank offers a wide variety of commercial banking services and financial products to individuals and small and medium-sized businesses and their employees. Banner Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Banner Corporation, a $14.4 billion bank holding company headquartered in Walla Walla, Washington. Visit Banner Bank at www.bannerbank.com.
StoneCastle Financial is an SEC registered non-diversified, closed-end investment company listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "BANX.?€? Its investment objective is to provide stockholders with current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation. StoneCastle Financial is managed by StoneCastle-ArrowMark Asset Management LLC.
Credicorp Ltd.?? is the leading financial services holding company in??Peru??with presence in??Chile,??Colombia??and??Bolivia. Credicorp??has a diversified business portfolio organized into four lines of business: Universal Banking, through??Banco de Credito del Peru??- BCP and Banco de Credito de??Bolivia; Microfinance, through Mibanco and Encumbra; Insurance & Pension Funds, through??Grupo Pacifico??and??Prima AFP; and Investment Banking & Wealth Management, through??Credicorp Capital, Wealth Management at??BCP and Atlantic Security Bank.
BASi, operating as Inotiv, is a pharmaceutical development company providing contract research services and monitoring instruments to emerging pharmaceutical companies and the world's leading drug development companies and medical research organizations. The Company focuses on developing innovative services supporting its clients?€? discovery and development objectives for improved decision-making and accelerated goal attainment. BASi?€?s products focus on increasing efficiency, improving data, and reducing the cost of taking new drugs to market.
Battalion Oil Corporation is an independent energy company engaged in the acquisition, production, exploration and development of onshore oil and natural gas properties in the United States.


Every day, millions of patients and caregivers rely on Baxter?€?s leading portfolio of critical care, nutrition, renal, hospital and surgical products. For more than 85 years, we?€?ve been operating at the critical intersection where innovations that save and sustain lives meet the healthcare providers that make it happen. With products, technologies and therapies available in more than 100 countries, Baxter?€?s employees worldwide are now building upon the company?€?s rich heritage of medical breakthroughs to advance the next generation of transformative healthcare innovations.
BlackBerry (NYSE: BB ; TSX: BB) provides intelligent security software and services to enterprises and governments around the world. The company secures more than 500M endpoints including 175M cars on the road today. Based in Waterloo, Ontario, the company leverages AI and machine learning to deliver innovative solutions in the areas of cybersecurity, safety and data privacy solutions, and is a leader in the areas of endpoint security management, encryption, and embedded systems. BlackBerry's vision is clear - to secure a connected future you can trust. BlackBerry. Intelligent Security. Everywhere.
BBVA Banco Frances SA is an Argentina-based bank. The Bank is engaged in the provision of financial and non-financial services, through a network of over 239 retail branch offices, over 25 branch offices specialized in the middle-market segment and seven branch offices for corporate and institutional customers. Its services and products also included securities operations in the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange, Asset Management, as well as financial assessment in mergers and acquisitions (M&A).
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") is an omnichannel retailer that makes it easy for our customers to feel at home. The Company sells a wide assortment of merchandise in the Home, Baby, Beauty and Wellness markets. Additionally, the Company is a partner in a joint venture which operates retail stores in Mexico under the name Bed Bath & Beyond. About Decorist: Decorist is an online interior design company that makes decorating a home easy and affordable. Executed entirely online, Decorist's roster of over 400 professional interior designers help beautifully design any room in the home, staying within a client's style and budget. And for customers not ready to start a full design project, they can consult Decorist's Design Bar to have quick design questions answered by Decorist's team of interior designers, completely free of charge. The company is a subsidiary of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. 1 Based on an online survey of 1,003 people aged 18+ in the United States, conducted by Kelton Global, a Material Company, for Bed Bath & Beyond SOURCE Bed Bath & Beyond Related Links http://www.bedbath.com
Industrea Acquisition Corp. is a special purpose acquisition company formed by Industrea Alexandria LLC, a portfolio company of Argand Partners, for the purpose of entering into a merger, stock purchase, or similar business combination with one or more businesses. While the Company may pursue an initial business combination target in any business or industry, it intends to focus its search on manufacturing and service companies in the industrial sector.
Banco Bradesco S.A. provides a range of banking and financial products and services to individuals; large, mid-sized, and small companies; and local and international corporations and institutions in Brazil and internationally. The company??s deposit products include demand deposits, time deposits, savings accounts, and federal funds. Its loan portfolio comprises credit and debit cards, sureties and guarantees, letters of credit, advances of credit card receivables, debentures, promissory notes, co-obligations in loan assignments, real estate receivables certificates, and rural loans, as well as mortgages for the construction and acquisition of properties. The company also provides life and accident, health, automobile, property, and casualty insurance products; pension plans; capitalization bonds; and investment funds, as well as asset management, leasing, investment banking, and loan collection and recovery services. As of December 31, 2013, it operated through a network of 8,260 branches and PAs in Brazil; 3 overseas branches; and 33,464 ATM machines. Banco Bradesco S.A. was founded in 1943 and is headquartered in Osasco, Brazil.
BRANTLEY CAPITAL CORP
No Description Available
Celebrating its 59th anniversary this year, Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc., (www.bbgi.com) was founded in 1961 by George G. Beasley who remains the Company?€?s Chairman of the Board. Beasley Broadcast Group owns and operates 64 stations (47 FM and 17 AM) in 15 large- and mid-size markets in the United States. Approximately 19 million consumers listen to Beasley radio stations weekly over-the-air, online and on smartphones and tablets, and millions regularly engage with the Company?€?s brands and personalities through digital platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, text, apps and email. Beasley recently acquired a majority interest in the Overwatch League?€?s Houston Outlaws esports team and owns BeasleyXP, a national esports content hub.
Vical Incorporated is a company historically focused on research and development of biopharmaceutical products for prevention and treatment of chronic or life-threatening infectious diseases, including antiviral and antifungal candidates in clinical development.
Edison Nation, Inc. (EDNT), is a multifaceted ecosystem which fosters innovation and drives IP, media and consumer products. Edison offers innovation sourcing, product design, sales, manufacturing, and fulfillment services. Edison Nation?€?s model is to source innovative ideas to launch internally or license to brand partners. Edison Nation hopes to leverage its television property, Everyday Edisons, to become the recognized leader in the innovator community.
BridgeBio is a team of experienced drug discoverers, developers and innovators working to create life-altering medicines that target well-characterized genetic diseases at their source. BridgeBio was founded in 2015 to identify and advance transformative medicines to treat patients who suffer from Mendelian diseases, which are diseases that arise from defects in a single gene, and cancers with clear genetic drivers. BridgeBio?€?s pipeline of over 20 development programs includes product candidates ranging from early discovery to late-stage development.
BHP Billiton Plc, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a resources company that discovers, acquires, develops, and markets natural resources worldwide. The company engages in the exploration, development, and production of oil and gas; development of potash; mining of metallurgical coal, thermal coal, copper, silver, lead, zinc, molybdenum, uranium, gold, and iron ore; mining, refining of bauxite into alumina, and smelting of alumina into aluminum metal; and mining and production of nickel products, as well as manganese metal and alloys. It is also involved in the exploration, development, and production of hydrocarbons; and nickel mining smelting and refining, as well as provision of administrative services. BHP Billiton Plc sells its copper, uranium oxide, and lead and zinc concentrates to smelters; copper cathodes to wire rod and brass mills, and casting plants; uranium oxide to electricity generating utilities; nickel products to specialty alloy, foundry, chemical, and refractory material industries; metallurgical coal to steel producers; and energy coal to power stations, power generators, and industrial users. The company, formerly known as Billiton Plc, was incorporated in 1996 and is based in London, the United Kingdom. BHP Billiton Plc is a subsidiary of BHP Billiton Group.
BBQ Holdings, Inc. BBQ Holdings is a national restaurant company engaged in the ownership and operation of casual and fast dining restaurants. As of November 10, 2020, BBQ Holdings had four brands with 146 overall locations in 31 states and three countries, including 48 company-owned and 98 franchise-operated restaurants. While BBQ Holdings continues to diversify its ownership in the restaurant community, it was founded with the principle of combining the ?€?art and science?€? of barbecue to serve up the very best of the best to barbecue lovers everywhere. BBQ Holdings, through partnerships, has extended Travis Clark?€?s award-winning line of barbecue sauces, rubs and seasonings into the retail market. Along with a wide variety of BBQ favorites served at their BBQ restaurants, BBQ Holdings newest addition, Granite City Food and Brewery, offers award winning craft beer and a made-from-scratch, chef driven menu featuring contemporary American cuisine. Non-GAAP Financial Measures To supplement its consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (?€?GAAP?€?), the Company uses non-GAAP measures including those indicated below. These non-GAAP measures exclude significant expenses and income that are required by GAAP to be recorded in the Company?€?s consolidated financial statements and are subject to inherent limitations. By providing non-GAAP measures, together with a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure, the Company believes that it is enhancing investors?€? understanding of the Company?€?s business and results of operations. These measures are not intended to be considered in isolation of, as substitutes for, or superior to, financial measures prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP measures presented may be different from the measures used by other companies. The Company urges investors to review the reconciliation of its non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, included in the accompanying financial tables. Adjusted net income attributable to shareholders is net income attributable to shareholders, plus asset impairment, estimated lease termination charges and other closing costs, settlement agreements, net (loss) gain on disposal of equipment, stock-based compensation, severance, acquisition costs, and the related tax impact. This number is divided by the weighted-average number of diluted shares of common stock outstanding during each period presented to arrive at adjusted net income, per share. Adjusted EBITDA is net income (loss), plus asset impairment, estimated lease termination charges and other closing costs, settlement agreements, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, net, net (loss) gain on disposal of equipment, stock-based compensation, severance, acquisition costs and provision (benefit) for income taxes.
Barrett Business Services, Inc. is a provider of business management solutions, combining human resource outsourcing and professional management consulting. The Company's principal services, Professional Employer Organization (PEO) and staffing, assist its clients in leveraging their investment in human capital. In a PEO arrangement, the Company enters into a contract to become a co-employer of the client's existing workforce and assume responsibility for some or all of the client's human resource management responsibilities. Its staffing services include on-demand or short-term staffing assignments, long-term or indefinite-term contract staffing and on-site management. Its staffing services also include direct placement services, which involve fee-based search efforts for specific employee candidates at the request of its PEO clients, staffing customers or other companies.
Brookfield Business Partners is a business services and industrials company focused on owning and operating high-quality businesses that benefit from barriers to entry and/or low production costs. Brookfield Business Partners is the flagship listed business services and industrials company of Brookfield Asset Management, a leading global alternative asset manager with more than $540 billion of assets under management.
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. engages in the retail banking, wholesale banking, asset management, and private banking businesses primarily in Spain, Eurasia, Mexico, South America, and the United States. It offers deposit products, including personal accounts, housing accounts, savings accounts, deposit accounts, etc.; and loan products, such as personal loans, mortgages, etc.; credit cards; investment products comprising mutual funds, warrants, and pension plans; and telephone and on-line banking services, as well as ATMs for individual customers. The company also provides discount lines, loans, and advances on loans, as well as leasing, renting, factoring, confirming, contingent liabilities, and flotation services; and foreign trade, placement of surplus cash, cash-flow management, payment collection, payment of taxes and social security, giros, and transfer services to small and medium enterprises. In addition, it offers corporate and investment banking services to large corporations and multinational groups; loans to real-estate developers and foreclosed real estate assets; and insurance and reinsurance services. Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. was founded in 1857 and is based in Bilbao, Spain.
Build-A-Bear is a multi-generational global brand focused on ?€?adding a little more heart to life?€? appealing to a wide array of consumer groups who enjoy the personal expression in making their own ?€?furry friends?€? to celebrate and commemorate life moments. The 500+ interactive brick-and-mortar retail locations provide guests of all ages an interactive entertaining experience, which often fosters a lasting and emotional brand connection. The company also offers an engaging e-commerce/digital purchasing activity called the ?€?Bear-Builder?€? at www.buildabear.com. In addition, the company leverages its brand?€?s power and equity beyond retail through entertaining content, wholesale products and non-plush consumer product categories via licensing agreements with leading manufacturers. Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc. posted total revenue of $338.5 million in fiscal 2019.
Best Buy Co., Inc. is a multinational retailer of consumer electronics, computing and mobile phone products, entertainment products, appliances and related services. The Company operates retail stores and call centers, and conducts online retail operations under a range of brand names, such as Best Buy (BestBuy.com, BestBuy.ca), Best Buy Mobile (BestBuyMobile.com), The Carphone Warehouse (CarphoneWarehouse.com), Five Star, Future Shop (FutureShop.ca), Geek Squad, Magnolia Audio Video, Pacific Sales and The Phone House (PhoneHouse.com). During the fiscal year ended March 3, 2012 (fiscal 2012), it operated in two segments: Domestic and International. During fiscal 2012, it opened 135 new stores and closed five stores in its Domestic segment. During fiscal 2012, it opened 219 new stores, within its Best Buy Europe and Five Star operations, and closed 114 stores in its International segment, within its Best Buy Europe business.
Headquartered in Mettawa, Ill., Brunswick Corporation?€?s leading consumer brands include Mercury Marine outboard engines; Mercury MerCruiser sterndrive and inboard packages; Mercury global parts and accessories including propellers and SmartCraft electronics; Power Products Integrated Solutions; MotorGuide trolling motors; Attwood, Garelick, and Whale marine parts; Land ?€?N?€? Sea, BLA, Payne?€?s Marine, Kellogg Marine, and Lankhorst Taselaar marine parts distribution; Mercury and Quicksilver parts and oils; Bayliner, Boston Whaler, Crestliner, Cypress Cay, Harris, Lowe, Lund, Princecraft, Quicksilver, Rayglass, Sea Ray, Thunder Jet and Uttern boats; Boating Services Network, Freedom Boat Club, NAUTIC-ON.
Brunswick Corporation 6.500% Senior Notes due 2048

Brunswick Corporation 6375 Notes due 2049
BlackRock Capital Allocation Trust
BCB Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company of BCB Community Bank (the Bank). As of December 31, 2010, the Bank operated through 10 branches in Bayonne, Jersey City, Hoboken and Monroe Township, New Jersey. The Bank is a community-oriented financial institution. It offers loans, including commercial and multi-family real estate loans, one- to four-family mortgage loans, home equity loans, construction loans, consumer loans and commercial business loans. It also offers deposit products, such as savings and club accounts, non-interest bearing accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit and individual retirement accounts. It also offers retail and commercial banking services including wire transfers, money orders, traveler's checks, safe deposit boxes, a night depository, federal payroll tax deposits, bond coupon redemption and automated teller services. On July 6, 2010, BCB Bancorp, Inc. acquired Pamrapo Bancorp, Inc.
Boise Cascade is one of the largest producers of engineered wood products and plywood in North America and a leading U.S. wholesale distributor of building products.

BioCardia Inc. Warrants 30072022
BCE Inc., a telecommunications and media company, provides wireless, wireline, Internet, and television (TV) services to residential, business, and wholesale customers in Canada. The company operates through Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline, and Bell Media segments. The company offers data, local, long distance, and other communications services under the Bell Home Phone brand; direct-to-home satellite TV services under the Bell TV name; Internet protocol (IP) TV services under the Bell Fibe TV brand; and competitive local exchange carrier (CLEC) services. It also provides data services, including Internet access services under the Bell Internet name; IP based services, such as IP VPN, business Internet, and IP telephony services; information and communications technology solutions include hosting and cloud services, managed solutions, professional services, and infrastructure services; and voice solutions comprising audio and video conferencing, Webcasting, Web conferencing, and business terminal equipment. In addition, the company offers wireless voice and data communications products and services under the Bell and Virgin Mobile brands. Further, it provides media services comprising TV programming services to broadcast distributors; and out-of-home advertising services. The company operates approximately 30 conventional TV stations; and 39 specialty, pay, and pay-per-view TV channels; 160 radio stations; 9,500 advertising faces; and 200 Websites, including TheLoop.ca. It offers its services through a network of corporate and dealer-owned retail stores, national retailers, and call center representatives, as well as Websites and door-to-door sales representatives. The company was formerly known as Bell Canada Enterprises Inc. BCE Inc. was incorporated in 1970 and is headquartered in Verdun, Canada.
Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. is an independent oil and natural gas company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of oil and associated liquids-rich natural gas in the Rocky Mountain region of the United States. The Company?€?s assets and operations are concentrated in rural, unincorporated Weld County within the Wattenberg Field, focused on the Niobrara and Codell formations.
Atreca Inc Class A
Banco de Chile is a Chile-based financial institution engaged, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, in the provision of a range of credit and non-credit products and services to all segments of the Chilean financial market. It delivers its services to its customers through four segments: retail banking segment, wholesale banking segment, treasury and money market operations, and operations through subsidiaries. The Company provides its retail customers with credit cards, mortgages, consumer loans and credit lines, as well as traditional deposit services, such as current accounts, savings accounts and time deposits. Its banking services for wholesale customers include commercial loans, foreign trade, debt services, derivative contracts and leases. The treasury and money market segment include currency trading and foreign exchange transactions, among others. In addition, the transactions carried out in this business segment are reflected in the retail and wholesale banking services.
BrainStorm Cell Therapeutics Inc.??is a leading developer of innovative autologous adult stem cell therapeutics for debilitating neurodegenerative diseases. The Company holds the rights to clinical development and commercialization of the NurOwn technology platform used to produce autologous MSC-NTF cells through an exclusive, worldwide licensing agreement. Autologous MSC-NTF cells have received Orphan Drug status designation from the??U.S. Food and Drug Administration??(FDA) and the??European Medicines Agency??(EMA) for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). BrainStorm has fully enrolled a Phase 3 pivotal trial in ALS (NCT03280056), investigating repeat-administration of autologous MSC-NTF cells at six??U.S.??sites supported by a grant from the??California Institute for Regenerative Medicine??(CIRM CLIN2-0989). The pivotal study is intended to support a filing for??U.S.??FDA approval of autologous MSC-NTF cells in ALS. BrainStorm also recently received??U.S.??FDA clearance to initiate a Phase 2 open-label multicenter trial in progressive multiple sclerosis (MS). The Phase 2 study of autologous MSC-NTF cells in patients with progressive MS (NCT03799718) completed enrollment in??August 2020.
No Description Available
The Brink?€?s Company is the global leader in total cash management, route-based secure logistics and payment solutions including cash-in-transit, ATM services, cash management services (including vault outsourcing, money processing and intelligent safe services), and international transportation of valuables. Our customers include financial institutions, retailers, government agencies, mints, jewelers and other commercial operations. Our global network of operations in 52 countries serves customers in more than 100 countries.
Blucora, Inc. is on the forefront of financial technology, a provider of data and technology-driven solutions that empowers people to improve their financial wellness. Blucora operates in two segments including (i) wealth management, through its tax-focused Avantax Wealth Management and HK Financial Services brands, with a collective $76 billion in total client assets as of September??30, 2020 and (ii) tax preparation, through its TaxAct business, a market leader in tax preparation software with approximately 3 million consumer and 20,000 professional users in 2020. With integrated tax focused software and wealth management, Blucora is uniquely positioned to assist our customers in achieving better long-term outcomes via holistic, tax-advantaged solutions.
We are the people behind the world?€?s leading video technology platform. With our award-winning technology and services, we help organizations in more than 70 countries meet business challenges and create strategic opportunities by inspiring, entertaining, and engaging their audiences through video. Since Brightcove was established in 2004, we have consistently pushed boundaries to create a platform for people who are serious about video: one that is robust, scalable, and intuitive. Benefiting from a global infrastructure, unrivalled customer support, an extensive partner ecosystem, and relentless investment in R&D, Brightcove video sets the standard for professional grade video management, distribution, and monetization.
1895 Bancorp of Wisconsin was formed in January 2019 to serve as the mid-tier stock holding company for PyraMax Bank, FSB upon the reorganization of the Bank into a two-tier mutual holding company. PyraMax Bank, FSB is chartered as a federal savings bank. The bank operates as a full-service financial institution, providing a full range of financial services, including the granting of commercial, residential and consumer loans and acceptance of deposits from individual customers and small businesses from its six offices located in the metropolitan Milwaukee, Wisconsin area.
Balchem Corporation develops, manufactures and markets specialty ingredients that improve and enhance the health and well-being of life on the planet, providing state-of-the-art solutions and the finest quality products for a range of industries worldwide. The company reports three business segments: Human Nutrition & Health; Animal Nutrition & Health; and Specialty Products. The Human Nutrition & Health segment delivers customized food and beverage ingredient systems, as well as key nutrients into a variety of applications across the food, supplement and pharmaceutical industries. The Animal Nutrition & Health segment manufactures and supplies products to numerous animal health markets. Through Specialty Products, Balchem provides specialty-packaged chemicals for use in healthcare and other industries, and also provides chelated minerals to the micronutrient agricultural market.
BioCryst Pharmaceuticals discovers novel, oral, small-molecule medicines that treat rare diseases in which significant unmet medical needs exist and an enzyme plays a key role in the biological pathway of the disease. BioCryst has several ongoing development programs including ORLADEYO ??? (berotralstat), an oral treatment for hereditary angioedema, BCX9930, an oral Factor D inhibitor for the treatment of complement-mediated diseases, galidesivir, a potential treatment for COVID-19, Marburg virus disease and Yellow Fever, and BCX9250, an ALK-2 inhibitor for the treatment of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva. RAPIVAB ?? (peramivir injection), a viral neuraminidase inhibitor for the treatment of influenza, is BioCryst's first approved product and has received regulatory approval in the U.S., Canada, Australia, Japan, Taiwan, Korea and the European Union. Post-marketing commitments for RAPIVAB are ongoing.
Barclays is a transatlantic consumer and wholesale bank offering products and services across personal, corporate and investment banking, credit cards and wealth management, with a strong presence in our two home markets of the UK and the US. With over 325 years of history and expertise in banking, Barclays operates in over 40 countries and employs approximately 83,500 people. Barclays moves, lends, invests and protects money for customers and clients worldwide.
Bain Capital Specialty Finance, Inc. is an externally managed specialty finance company focused on lending to middle-market companies. BCSF is managed by BCSF Advisors, L.P., an SEC-registered investment adviser and a subsidiary of Bain Capital Credit, L.P. Since commencing investment operations on October 13, 2016, and through June 30, 2020, BCSF has invested approximately $3,704.7 million in aggregate principal amount of debt and equity investments prior to any subsequent exits or repayments. BCSF?€?s investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation through direct originations of secured debt, including first lien, first lien/last out, unitranche and second lien debt, investments in strategic joint ventures, equity investments and, to a lesser extent, corporate bonds. BCSF has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

BCTG Acquisition Corp
Bancroft Fund Limited 5.375% Series A Cumulative Preferred Shares
Bicycle Therapeutics Ltd ADR
Belden Inc. delivers a comprehensive product portfolio designed to meet the mission-critical network infrastructure needs of industrial and enterprise markets. With innovative solutions targeted at reliable and secure transmission of rapidly growing amounts of data, audio and video needed for today's applications, Belden is at the center of the global transformation to a connected world. Founded in 1902, the company is headquartered in St. Louis and has manufacturing capabilities in North and South America, Europe and Asia.
ETRACS Quarterly Pay 1.5X Leveraged Wells Fargo BDC Index ETN
UBS AG London Branch ETRACS 2X Monthly Pay Leveraged Wells Fargo Diversified Business Development Company Index ETN 10212049
Bridge Bancorp, Inc. is a bank holding company engaged in commercial banking and financial services through its wholly-owned subsidiary, BNB Bank. Established in 1910, BNB, with assets of approximately $6.3 billion, operates 39 branch locations serving Long Island and the greater New York metropolitan area. Through its branch network and its electronic delivery channels, BNB provides deposit and loan products and financial services to local businesses, consumers and municipalities. Title insurance services are offered through BNB's wholly-owned subsidiary, Bridge Abstract. Bridge Financial Services, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of BNB, offers financial planning and investment consultation.
Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. operates in South Florida as a chain of full-service restaurants and package liquor stores. The Company conducts its business through two segments: the restaurant segment and the package liquor store segment. At October 2, 2010, it operated 24 units, of restaurants, package liquor stores and combination restaurants/package liquor stores that it either owns or have operational control over and partial ownership in; owned but not operated one adult entertainment club, and franchised an additional five units, consisting of one restaurant and four combination restaurants/package liquor stores. During the fiscal year ended October 2, 2010 (fiscal 2010), it purchased from a franchisee the operating restaurant assets of the franchised restaurant located in Boca Raton, Florida and accordingly, on October 18, 2009, the restaurant converted from a franchised unit to a company owned restaurant.
Brandywine Realty Trust is one of the largest, publicly traded, full-service, integrated real estate companies in the United States with a core focus in the Philadelphia, Austin and Washington, D.C. Markets. Organized as a real estate investment trust (REIT), we own, develop, lease and manage an urban, town center and transit-oriented portfolio comprising 173 properties and 24.4 million square feet as of September 30, 2020. Our purpose is to shape, connect and inspire the world around us through our expertise, the relationships we foster, the communities in which we live and work, and the history we build together.
Blonder Tongue Laboratories, Inc. (Blonder Tongue) is a technology-development and manufacturing company that delivers television signal encoding, transcoding, digital transport and broadband product solutions for a range of applications. The markets the Company serves include cable television systems, multi-dwelling units, the lodging/hospitality market and institutional systems, including hospitals, prisons and schools. The Company's manufacturing is allocated primarily between its facility in Old Bridge, New Jersey and a key contract manufacturer located in the People's Republic of China. The Company manufactures most of its digital products, including the latest encoder and EdgeQAM collections at its New Jersey facility. On February 1, 2012, the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, R. L. Drake Holdings, LLC (RLD), acquired s all of the assets of R. L. Drake, LLC.
BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. is a commercial-stage specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to patients living with chronic conditions. BDSI has built a portfolio of products that includes utilizing its novel and proprietary BioErodible MucoAdhesive (BEMA ?? ) technology to develop and commercialize, either on its own or in partnership with third parties, new applications of proven therapies aimed at addressing important unmet medical needs. BDSI's marketed products address serious and debilitating conditions, including chronic pain and opioid-induced constipation. ?? 2020??BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. All rights reserved.
Biodesix Inc
Black Diamond Therapeutics Inc
Becton Dickinson and Co, formerly Becton Dickinson & Co is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of medical devices, instrument systems and reagents used by healthcare institutions, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public. The Company' s operations consist of three business segments: BD Medical, BD Diagnostics and BD Biosciences. On February 9, 2012, the Company acquired a 100% interest in KIESTRA Lab Automation BV. On August 24, 2012, the Company acquired a 100% interest in Sirigen Group Limited. On October 31, 2012, the Company sold its BD Biosciences -Discovery Labware unit. In December 2012, the Company acquired Safety Syringes, Inc. Effective March 12, 2013, the Company acquired Cato Software Solutions GmbH.

Bloom Energy Corporation Class A
Beam Therapeutics?? is a biotechnology company developing precision genetic medicines through the use of base editing. Beam?€?s proprietary base editors create precise, predictable and efficient single base changes, at targeted genomic sequences, without making double-stranded breaks in the DNA. This enables a wide range of potential therapeutic editing strategies that Beam is using to advance a diversified portfolio of base editing programs. Beam is a values-driven organization focused on its people, cutting-edge science, and a vision of providing life-long cures to patients suffering from serious diseases.
BioTelemetry, Inc. is the leading remote medical technology company focused on delivery of health information to improve quality of life and reduce cost of care. We provide remote cardiac monitoring, centralized core laboratory services for clinical trials, remote blood glucose monitoring and original equipment manufacturing that serves both healthcare and clinical research customers.
Founded in 1928, Beacon is a Fortune 500, publicly traded distributor of roofing materials and complementary building products in North America, operating over 500 branches throughout all 50 states in the U.S. and 6 provinces in Canada. Beacon serves an extensive base of over 100,000 customers, utilizing its vast branch network and diverse service offerings to provide high-quality products and support throughout the entire business lifecycle. Beacon offers its own private label brand, TRI-BUILT, and has a proprietary digital account management suite, Beacon PRO+, which allows customers to manage their businesses online. Beacon?€?s stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol BECN.
Bright Scholar is a global premier education service company, dedicated to providing quality international education to global students and equipping them with the critical academic foundation and skillsets necessary to succeed in the pursuit of higher education. Bright Scholar also complements its international offerings with Chinese government-mandated curriculum for students who wish to maintain the option of pursuing higher education in China. As of May 31, 2020, Bright Scholar operated 80 schools across ten provinces in China and eight schools overseas, covering the breadth of K-12 academic needs of its students. In the nine months ended May 31, 2020, Bright Scholar had an average of 51,970 students enrolled at its schools.
Beam Global is a Cleantech leader that produces innovative, sustainable technology for electric vehicle (EV) charging, outdoor media, and energy security, without the construction, disruption, risks and costs of grid-tied solutions. Products include the patented EV ARC??? and Solar Tree ?? lines with BeamTrak??? patented solar tracking, and ARC Technology??? energy storage, along with EV charging, outdoor media and disaster preparedness packages. The company develops, patents, designs, engineers and manufactures unique and advanced renewably energized products that save customers time and money, help the environment, empower communities and keep people moving. Based in San Diego, the company produces Made in America products. Beam Global is listed on Nasdaq under the symbols BEEM and BEEMW (formerly Envision Solar, EVSI, EVSIW).
Envision Solar International Inc Wt Exp 12302023
KE Holdings Inc. is a leading integrated online and offline platform for housing transactions and services. The Company is a pioneer in building the industry infrastructure and standards in China to reinvent how service providers and housing customers efficiently navigate and consummate housing transactions, ranging from existing and new home sales, home rentals, to home renovation, real estate financial solutions, and other services. The Company owns and operates Lianjia, China?€?s leading real estate brokerage brand and an integral part of its Beike platform. With more than 19 years of operating experience through Lianjia since its inception in 2001, the Company believes the success and proven track record of Lianjia pave the way for it to build the industry infrastructure and standards and drive the rapid and sustainable growth of Beike. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains statements that may constitute ?€?forward-looking?€? statements pursuant to the ?€?safe harbor?€? provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Bel Fuse Inc. (Bel) is a producer of electronic products. The Company designs, manufactures and markets an array of magnetics, modules, circuit protection devices and interconnect products. These products are designed to protect, regulate, connect, isolate or manage a variety of electronic circuits. Bel's products are primarily used in the networking, telecommunications, computing, military, aerospace and transportation industries. Bel's portfolio of products also finds application in the automotive, medical and consumer electronics markets. Its magnetic products include MagJack integrated connector modules, power transformers and discrete components. Its modules products include power conversion modules and integrated modules. Its circuit protection products include miniature, subminiature and micro fuses, and positive temperature coefficient (PTC) devices. In August 2013, Bel Fuse Inc. acquired privately-held Array Connector Corporation.
Bel Fuse Inc. (Bel) is a producer of electronic products. The Company designs, manufactures and markets an array of magnetics, modules, circuit protection devices and interconnect products. These products are designed to protect, regulate, connect, isolate or manage a variety of electronic circuits. Bel's products are primarily used in the networking, telecommunications, computing, military, aerospace and transportation industries. Bel's portfolio of products also finds application in the automotive, medical and consumer electronics markets. Its magnetic products include MagJack integrated connector modules, power transformers and discrete components. Its modules products include power conversion modules and integrated modules. Its circuit protection products include miniature, subminiature and micro fuses, and positive temperature coefficient (PTC) devices. In August 2013, Bel Fuse Inc. acquired privately-held Array Connector Corporation.
Franklin Resources, Inc. is a global investment management organization with subsidiaries operating as Franklin Templeton and serving clients in over 165 countries. Franklin Templeton?€?s mission is to help clients achieve better outcomes through investment management expertise, wealth management and technology solutions. Through its specialist investment managers, the Company brings extensive capabilities in equity, fixed income, alternatives and custom multi-asset solutions. With offices in over 30 countries and 1,300 investment professionals, the California-based company has more than 70 years of investment experience and approximately $1.4 trillion in assets under management as of September 30, 2020.
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. (Brookfield Renewable) is a renewable power platform. Its primarily hydroelectric generating portfolio includes 172 hydropower facilities and six wind farms, and totals approximately 5,000 megawatts of installed capacity, including projects under construction. Its portfolio is diversified across 67 river systems and 10 power markets in Canada, the United States and Brazil, and generates on average enough electricity from renewable resources to power two million homes annually. In November 2012, the Company acquired 378 MW hydroelectric portfolio from from Alcoa Power Generating Inc. In May 2013, WWE Equity Holdings Inc., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P., completed its compulsory acquisition of Western Wind. On May 21, 2013, the Company acquired 84.065% interest in Western Wind Energy Corp.
Brookfield Renewable Partners LP 5.25 PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Cls A
Brookfield Renewable Corporation Class A Subordinate When Issued
Berry Plastics Group, Inc. (Berry) is a provider of plastic consumer packaging and engineered materials. Berry owns 100% interest of Berry Plastics Corporation. It operates in three segments: Rigid Packaging, which sells primarily containers, foodservice items, house wares, closures, over caps, bottles and tubes; Engineered Materials, which sells tapes, adhesives, laminated coatings, polyethylene (PE) based film products and waste bags, and Flexible Packaging, which sells high barrier, multilayer film products. In June 2012, it acquired 100% interest of Frans Nooren Beheer B.V. and its operating companies (Stopaq). In September 2011, Berry acquired 100% interests of Rexam Closures Kentucky Inc., Rexam Delta Inc., Rexam Closures LLC, Rexam Closure Systems LLC, Rexam de Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V., Rexam Singapore PTE Ltd., Rexam Participacoes Ltda. and Rexam Plasticos do Brasil Ltda. (collectively, Rexam SBC). In August 2011, Berry acquired 100% interest of LINPAC Packaging Filmco, Inc.
BEST Inc. American Depositary Shares each representing one Class A
Brown-Forman Corporation primarily manufactures, bottles, imports, exports, markets, and sells a variety of alcoholic beverage brands. The Company's principal brands are Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, Pepe Lopez Tequilas, Jack Daniel's Single Barrel, Woodford Reserve Bourbons, Jack Daniel's Ready-to-Drinks, Canadian Mist Blended Canadian Whiskies, Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey, Chambord Liqueur, Jack Daniel's Winter Jack Chambord Vodka, Gentleman Jack, Collingwood Canadian Whisky, Southern Comfort, Early Times Bourbon, Southern Comfort Ready-to-Drinks, Early Times flavored line extensions, Southern Comfort flavored line extensions, Early Times Kentucky Whisky, Finlandia Vodkas, Korbel California Champagnes, Finlandia Ready-to-Drinks, Little Black Dress Vodkas, Antiguo Tequila, Maximus Vodkas, el Jimador Tequilas, Old Forester Bourbon, el Jimador New Mix Ready-to-Drinks, Sonoma-Cutrer Wines, Herradura Tequilas, and Tuaca Liqueur.
Brown-Forman Corporation primarily manufactures, bottles, imports, exports, markets, and sells a variety of alcoholic beverage brands. The Company's principal brands are Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, Pepe Lopez Tequilas, Jack Daniel's Single Barrel, Woodford Reserve Bourbons, Jack Daniel's Ready-to-Drinks, Canadian Mist Blended Canadian Whiskies, Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey, Chambord Liqueur, Jack Daniel's Winter Jack Chambord Vodka, Gentleman Jack, Collingwood Canadian Whisky, Southern Comfort, Early Times Bourbon, Southern Comfort Ready-to-Drinks, Early Times flavored line extensions, Southern Comfort flavored line extensions, Early Times Kentucky Whisky, Finlandia Vodkas, Korbel California Champagnes, Finlandia Ready-to-Drinks, Little Black Dress Vodkas, Antiguo Tequila, Maximus Vodkas, el Jimador Tequilas, Old Forester Bourbon, el Jimador New Mix Ready-to-Drinks, Sonoma-Cutrer Wines, Herradura Tequilas, and Tuaca Liqueur.
Bright Horizons Family Solution Inc., provider of child care and early education services, as well as other services designed to help employers and families better address the challenges of work and life. The Company provides services primarily under multi-year contracts with employers who offer child care and other dependent care solutions as part of their employee benefits packages to improve employee engagement, productivity, recruitment and retention. As of June 30, 2012, the Company operated a total of 773 child care and early education centers across a range of customer industries with the capacity to serve approximately 87,400 children in the United States, as well as in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Ireland, Canada and India. In April 2013, it announced the acquisition of kidsunlimited, operator of nurseries throughout England and Scotland.
Bank First Nat
BankFinancial Corporation is a holding company of BankFinancial, F.S.B. (the Bank). The Bank is a full-service federal savings bank principally engaged in the business of commercial, family and personal banking, and offers its customers a range of loan, deposit, and other financial products and services through 20 full-service banking offices located in Cook, DuPage, Lake and Will Counties and Illinois. Its primary business is making loans and accepting deposits. It also offers its customers a variety of financial products and services that are related or ancillary to loans and deposits, including cash management, funds transfers, bill payment and other online banking transactions, automated teller machines, safe deposit boxes, wealth management, and general insurance agency services. The Bank's primary lending area consists of the counties where its branch offices are located, and contiguous counties in the State of Illinois. In January 2013, it sold certain nonperforming assets.
Biofrontera AG - ADR
Saul Centers, Inc. (Saul Centers) operates as a real estate investment trust (a REIT). The Company's principal business activity is the ownership, management and development of income-producing properties. As of December 31, 2011, the Company was the owner, developer and operator of a real estate portfolio consisting of 58 operating properties totaling approximately 9,543,000 square feet of gross leasable area (GLA) and two development parcels. The portfolio consists of 51 neighborhood and community Shopping Centers, and seven predominantly Mixed-Use Properties totaling approximately 7,932,000 and 1,611,000 square feet of GLA, respectively. On September 23, 2011, the Company purchased Kentlands Square II, three Giant Food-anchored shopping centers, Severna Park MarketPlace and Cranberry Square. On December 6, 2012, the Company acquired 53,000 square feet of retail space located on the east side of Rockville Pike.
Saul Centers Inc. Depositary Shares Series D
Business First Bancshares, Inc., through its banking subsidiary b1BANK, formerly known as Business First Bank, operates 42 banking centers in markets across Louisiana and in the Dallas, Texas area. b1BANK provides commercial and personal banking, treasury management and wealth solutions services to small to midsize businesses and their owners and employees.

Foley Trasimene Acquisition Corp II
Foley Trasimene Acquisition Corp II Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share
Bunge ( www.bunge.com,NYSE: BG ) is a world leader in sourcing, processing and supplying oilseed and grain products and ingredients. Founded in 1818, Bunge's expansive network feeds and fuels a growing world, creating sustainable products and opportunities for more than 70,000 farmers and the consumers they serve across the globe. The company is headquartered in??St. Louis, Missouri??and has almost 25,000 employees worldwide who stand behind more than 350 port terminals, oilseed processing plants, grain facilities, and food and ingredient production and packaging facilities around the world.
BGC Partners is a leading global brokerage and financial technology company. BGC specializes in the brokerage of a broad range of products, including fixed income (rates and credit), foreign exchange, equities, energy and commodities, shipping, insurance, and futures. BGC also provides a wide variety of services, including trade execution, brokerage, clearing, trade compression, post-trade, information, and other back-office services to a broad range of financial and non-financial institutions. Through brands including Fenics, BGC Trader, Capitalab, Lucera, and Fenics Market Data, BGC offers financial technology solutions, market data, and analytics related to numerous financial instruments and markets. BGC, BGC Trader, GFI, Fenics, Fenics Market Data, Capitalab, and Lucera are trademarks/service marks and/or registered trademarks/service marks of BGC Partners, Inc. and/or its affiliates. BGC's customers include many of the world's largest banks, broker-dealers, investment banks, trading firms, hedge funds, governments, corporations, and investment firms. BGC's Class A common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the ticker symbol "BGCP". BGC Partners is led by Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Howard W. Lutnick.
Big 5 is a leading sporting goods retailer in the western United States, operating 431 stores under the ?€?Big 5 Sporting Goods?€? name as of the fiscal quarter ended September 27, 2020. Big 5 provides a full-line product offering in a traditional sporting goods store format that averages 11,000 square feet. Big 5?€?s product mix includes athletic shoes, apparel and accessories, as well as a broad selection of outdoor and athletic equipment for team sports, fitness, camping, hunting, fishing, tennis, golf, winter and summer recreation and roller sports. Except for historical information contained herein, the statements in this release are forward-looking and made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Birks Group Inc. designs, develops, makes, and retails fine jewelry, timepieces, sterling silver, and gifts in the United States and Canada. It operates in two segments, Retail and Other. The company offers designed products, as well as various merchandise, including designer jewelry, diamond, gemstone and precious metal jewelry, rings, wedding bands, earrings, bracelets, necklaces, and charms. As of May 31, 2015, it operated 47 prestige jewelry stores; 27 stores under the Birks brand in Canada; 2 retail locations in Calgary and Vancouver under the Brinkhaus brand; 17 stores under the Mayors brand, located in Florida and Georgia; and 1 store under the Rolex brand name. The company was formerly known as Birks & Mayors Inc. and changed its name to Birks Group Inc. in October 2013. Birks Group Inc. was founded in 1879 and is headquartered in Montreal, Canada.
BeiGene is a global, commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on discovering, developing, manufacturing, and commercializing innovative medicines to improve treatment outcomes and access for patients worldwide. Our 4,700+ employees in China, the United States, Australia, Europe, and elsewhere are committed to expediting the development of a diverse pipeline of novel therapeutics. We currently market two internally discovered oncology products: BTK inhibitor BRUKINSA ?? (zanubrutinib) in the United States and China, and anti-PD-1 antibody tislelizumab in China. We also market or plan to market in China additional oncology products licensed from Amgen Inc., Celgene Logistics S??rl, a Bristol Myers Squibb (BMS) company, and EUSA Pharma.
Based in Parsippany, New Jersey, B&G Foods and its subsidiaries manufacture, sell and distribute high-quality, branded shelf-stable and frozen foods across the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. With B&G Foods?€? diverse portfolio of more than 50 brands you know and love, including Back to Nature, B&G, B&M, Cream of Wheat, Dash, Green Giant, Las Palmas, Le Sueur, Mama Mary?€?s, Maple Grove Farms, New York Style, Ortega, Polaner, Spice Islands and Victoria, there?€?s a little something for everyone.
BG Staffing, Inc. operates as a temporary staffing company in the United States. It operates through three segments: Light Industrial, Multifamily, and IT Staffing. The Light Industrial segment offers temporary workers for various skilled and unskilled positions primarily to distribution and logistics customers in Illinois, Wisconsin, Texas, Tennessee, and Mississippi. The Multifamily segment provides front office and maintenance personnel on a temporary basis to various apartment communities in Texas and other states. The IT Staffing segment offers skilled contract labor for IT implementations and maintenance projects. The company also provides temporary and full-time staffing services of accounting and finance personnel, and secretarial and administrative personnel to customers. BG Staffing, Inc. is headquartered in Plano, Texas.
Biglari Holdings Inc. is a holding company engaged in a range of diverse business activities. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in investment management and the franchising/operating of restaurants. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Steak n Shake Operations, Inc. (Steak n Shake), Western Sizzlin Corporation (Western) and Biglari Capital Corp. (Biglari Capital). Biglari Holdings, as a capital allocating vehicle, is also in the business of owning other businesses in whole and in part.
Biglari Holdings Inc. Class A
Blue Hat, headquartered in Xiamen, China, is a producer, developer and operator of augmented reality interactive entertainment games and toys, including interactive educational materials, mobile games, and toys with mobile game features.
Bar Harbor Bankshares (BHB) is a bank holding company. The Company has one wholly owned operating subsidiary, Bar Harbor Bank & Trust (the Bank), which offers a range of deposit, loan, and related banking products, as well as brokerage services provided, through a third-party brokerage arrangement. In addition, the Company offers trust and investment management services, through its subsidiary, Bar Harbor Trust Services (Trust Services), a trust company. These products and services are offered to individuals, businesses, not-for-profit organizations and municipalities. In August 2012, the Company announced that its principal subsidiary, Bar Harbor Bank & Trust, acquired Border Trust Company (Border Trust), a subsidiary of Border Bancshares, Inc.
Bausch Health Companies Inc
Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (Benchmark) is a provider of integrated electronic manufacturing services. The Company provides its services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of computers and related products for business enterprises, medical devices, industrial control equipment, which includes equipment for the aerospace and defense industry, testing and instrumentation products and telecommunication equipment. The services that it provides are referred to as electronics manufacturing services (EMS). It offer its customers comprehensive and integrated design and manufacturing services from initial product design to volume production including direct order fulfillment and post-deployment services. It offers its customers flexible manufacturing solutions throughout the life cycle of their products. In October 2013, CTS Corporation announced that Benchmark Electronics, Inc. has acquired the Company's Electronics Manufacturing Solutions (EMS) business.
Brighthouse Financial, Inc. (Brighthouse Financial) is on a mission to help people achieve financial security. As one of the largest providers of annuities and life insurance in the U.S., 1 we specialize in products designed to help people protect what they?€?ve earned and ensure it lasts.
Brighthouse Financial Inc. 6.25% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2058
Brighthouse Financial Inc


Berkshire Bank is transforming into a 21 st -century community bank with $13.1 billion in assets. We are pursuing purpose driven performance based on our Be FIRST corporate responsibility culture. Berkshire Bank provides business and consumer banking, mortgage, wealth management, investment and insurance services through 130 branch offices in New York, Connecticut, Vermont, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island and Massachusetts, including Commerce Bank, a division of Berkshire Bank. Berkshire Bank was awarded the Top Corporate Steward Citizens award by the US Chamber of Commerce Foundation in 2019 for the small-middle market business category. Headquartered in Boston, Berkshire Hills Bancorp is the parent of Berkshire Bank. To learn more, call 800- 773-5601 or follow us on: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and LinkedIn. About Narmi Narmi is a financial technology company that builds enterprise solutions across consumer digital banking, business banking, and digital account opening. Financial institutions work with Narmi to be leading digital organizations, go to market faster with industry-leading functionality, and better compete with Mega-Banks, Challenger Banks, and FinTech companies. With a particular focus on openness, Narmi's open framework allows financial institutions to build their own extensions and features onto the base platform to cater to their needs. Today, Narmi's platform powers financial institutions with billions of dollars of assets and helps move millions of dollars between financial institutions on a daily basis. To learn more check out our website, LinkedIn, or email us at [email??protected]. About Alloy Alloy helps financial services companies make better decisions with better information, using a single API service and dashboard to manage identity verification from signup through the lifecycle of the customer. Alloy makes it easy for financial services companies to quickly and safely onboard more customers, mitigating fraud and high-cost financial risk.
BHP Billiton Limited engages in the discovery, acquisition, development, and marketing of natural resources worldwide. It produces iron ore, metallurgical and energy coal, conventional and unconventional oil and gas, copper, aluminum, manganese, uranium, nickel, and silver deposits. The company also explores, develops, produces, and markets petroleum with operating assets located in the deep water Gulf of Mexico, onshore U.S., and Australia, as well as in the United Kingdom, Trinidad and Tobago, and Pakistan; and holds potash exploration rights to approximately 14,500 square kilometers of prospective ground in the Saskatchewan potash basin in Canada. The company was formerly known as BHP Limited and changed its name to BHP Billiton Limited in July 2001. BHP Billiton Limited was founded in 1851 and is headquartered in Melbourne, Australia. BHP Billiton Limited operates as a subsidiary of BHP Billiton Group.
Braemar Hotels & Resorts Inc
Braemar Hotels & Resorts Inc. 5.50% Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock par value $0.01 per share
Braemar Hotels & Resorts Inc Pfd Ser D
Bull Horn Holdings Corp - Unit (1 Ordinary share & 1 War)
BioHiTech Global Inc

Baidu, Inc. is a leading search engine, knowledge and information centered Internet platform and AI company. The Company's mission is to make the complicated world simpler through technology. Baidu's ADSs trade on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "BIDU". Currently, ten ADSs represent one Class A ordinary share.
Headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, Big Lots, Inc. is a neighborhood discount retailer operating over 1,400 stores in 47 states, as well as a best-in-class ecommerce platform with expanded capabilities via BOPIS, curbside pickup, Instacart and, now, PICKUP with same day delivery. The company's product assortment is focused on home essentials: Furniture, Seasonal, Soft Home, Food, Consumables, Hard Home, Electronics and Toys & Accessories. Big Lots' mission is to help people Live BIG and Save Lots. The company strives to be the BIG difference for a better life by delivering unmatched value to customers through surprise and delight, being a "best place to work" culture for associates, rewarding shareholders with consistent growth and top-tier returns, as well as doing good in local communities.
DELISTED - BIG CITY BAGELS INC
At Biogen, our mission is clear: we are pioneers in neuroscience. Biogen discovers, develops and delivers worldwide innovative therapies for people living with serious neurological and neurodegenerative diseases as well as related therapeutic adjacencies. One of the world?€?s first global biotechnology companies, Biogen was founded in 1978 by Charles Weissmann, Heinz Schaller, Kenneth Murray and Nobel Prize winners Walter Gilbert and Phillip Sharp. Today Biogen has the leading portfolio of medicines to treat multiple sclerosis, has introduced the first approved treatment for spinal muscular atrophy, commercializes biosimilars of advanced biologics and is focused on advancing research programs in multiple sclerosis and neuroimmunology, Alzheimer?€?s disease and dementia, neuromuscular disorders, movement disorders, ophthalmology, immunology, neurocognitive disorders, acute neurology and pain.
Bilibili represents the iconic brand of online entertainment with a mission to enrich the everyday life of young generations in China. Bilibili is a full-spectrum online entertainment world covering a wide array of genres and media formats, including videos, live broadcasting and mobile games. Bilibili provides an immersive entertainment experience and high-quality content that caters to the evolving and diversified interests of its users and communities, and has built its platform based on the strong emotional connections of Bilibili?€?s users to its content and communities.
Bill.com Holdings Inc
BOQI International Medical Inc. (formerly known as NF Energy Saving Corporation) was founded in 2006. In February 2019, the Board of Directors of the company was reorganized with a focus on the health industry. The Company is now exclusively a healthcare products provider, offering a broad range of healthcare products and related services.
Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (NYSE: BIO and BIOb) is a global leader in developing, manufacturing, and marketing a broad range of innovative products for the life science research and clinical diagnostic markets. With a focus on quality and customer service for over 65 years, our products advance the discovery process and improve healthcare. Our customers are university and research institutions, hospitals, public health and commercial laboratories, biotechnology, pharmaceutical, as well as applied laboratories that include food safety and environmental quality. Founded in 1952, Bio-Rad is based in Hercules, California, and has a global network of operations with approximately 8,000 employees worldwide. Bio-Rad had revenues exceeding $2.3 billion in 2019.
Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. manufactures and supplies products and systems used to separate complex chemical and biological materials, as well as to identify, analyze, and purify their components for life science research, healthcare, analytical chemistry, and other markets. The company operates through two segments, Life Science and Clinical Diagnostics. The Life Science segment develops, manufactures, and markets a range of reagents, apparatus, and laboratory instruments that are used in research techniques, biopharmaceutical production processes, and food testing regimes. It focuses on selected segments of the life sciences market in proteomics, genomics, biopharmaceutical production, cell biology, and food safety. This segment serves universities and medical schools, industrial research organizations, government agencies, pharmaceutical manufacturers, biotechnology researchers, food producers, and food testing laboratories. The Clinical Diagnostics segment designs, manufactures, sells, and supports test systems, informatics systems, test kits, and specialized quality controls that serve clinical laboratories in the diagnostics market. Its products include reagents, instruments, and software, which address specific niches within the in vitro diagnostics (IVD) test market. This segment sells its products to reference laboratories, hospital laboratories, state newborn screening facilities, physicians?? office laboratories, transfusion laboratories, and insurance and forensic testing laboratories. The company offers its products through its direct sales force and a service network. It has operations in Europe, Pacific Rim, the United States, and internationally. Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. was founded in 1952 and is headquartered in Hercules, California.
BioClinica, Inc. (BioClinica) provides integrated clinical research technology solutions to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device companies, and other organizations, such as contract research organizations (CRO), which is engaged in global clinical studies. The Company's products and services include medical image management, electronic image transport and archive solutions, electronic data capture, clinical data management, interactive voice and Web response, clinical trial supply forecasting tools and clinical trial management software solutions. Its services support clinical stage research and development (R&D) functions for its clients, and specifically, the collection, cleaning and reporting of data related to their clinical trials.
BIOLASE is a medical device company that develops, manufactures, markets, and sells laser systems in dentistry and medicine. BIOLASE's products advance the practice of dentistry and medicine for patients and healthcare professionals. BIOLASE's proprietary laser products incorporate approximately 259 patented and 41 patent-pending technologies designed to provide biologically and clinically superior performance with less pain and faster recovery times. BIOLASE's innovative products provide cutting-edge technology at competitive prices to deliver superior results for dentists and patients. BIOLASE's principal products are revolutionary dental laser systems that perform a broad range of dental procedures, including cosmetic and complex surgical applications. BIOLASE has sold over 41,200 laser systems to date in over 80 countries around the world. Laser products under development address BIOLASE's core dental market and other adjacent medical and consumer applications.
Bioceres is a fully integrated provider of crop productivity solutions, including seeds, seed traits, seed treatments, biologicals, high-value adjuvants and fertilizers. Unlike most industry participants that specialize in a single technology, chemistry, product, condition or stage of plant development, Bioceres has developed a multi-discipline and multi-product platform capable of providing solutions throughout the entire crop cycle, from pre-planting to transportation and storage. Bioceres?€? platform is designed to cost effectively bring high value technologies to market through an open architecture approach. Bioceres?€? headquarters and primary operations are based in Argentina, which is its key end-market as well as one of the largest markets globally for GM crops. Through its main operational subsidiary, Rizobacter, the Company has a growing and significant international presence, particularly in Brazil and Paraguay. Bioceres leverages its relationship with its historical shareholders, many of whom are agricultural leaders and key participants in Bioceres?€? end markets, to increase adoption of its products and technologies.
Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. owns and operates utility, transport, and energy businesses. The company??s Utilities segment operates a port facility that exports metallurgical and thermal coal mined in the central Bowen Basin region of Queensland, Australia; approximately 10,800 kilometers of transmission lines in North and South America; and approximately 2.4 million electricity and natural gas connections in the United Kingdom and Colombia. Its Transport segment provides transportation, storage, and handling services for freight, bulk commodities, and passengers through a network of 5,100 kilometers of track in Southwestern Western Australia; approximately 4,800 kilometers of rail in South America; approximately 3,200 kilometers of motorways in Brazil and Chile; and 30 port terminals in North America, the United Kingdom, and Europe. The company??s Energy segment offers energy transportation, distribution, and storage services through 14,800 kilometers of transmission pipelines; and 370 billion cubic feet of natural gas storage in the United States and Canada, as well as serves approximately 40,000 gas distribution customers in the United Kingdom. Brookfield Infrastructure Partners Limited serves as a general partner of Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. The company was founded in 2007 and is based in Toronto, Canada.
Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P
Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP Class A Subordinate When Issued
BioVie Inc
Headquartered in Westborough, Massachusetts, BJ's Wholesale Club Holdings, Inc. is a leading operator of membership warehouse clubs in the Eastern United States. The company currently operates 219 clubs and 149 BJ's Gas ?? locations in 17 states. Non-GAAP Financial Measures We refer to certain financial measures that are not recognized under United States generally accepted accounting principles (?€?GAAP?€?). Please see ?€?Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Information" and ?€?Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Information?€? below for additional information and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures. BJ'S WHOLESALE CLUB HOLDINGS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) 13 Weeks Ended 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended October 31, 2020 November 2, 2019 October 31, 2020 November 2, 2019 Net sales $ 3,646,723 $ 3,152,887 $ 11,236,403 $ 9,493,795 Membership fee income 84,946 76,517 247,001 224,587 Total revenues 3,731,669 3,229,404 11,483,404 9,718,382 Cost of sales 2,988,397 2,611,758 9,247,042 7,913,820 Selling, general and administrative expenses 552,307 510,410 1,733,482 1,523,480 Pre-opening expense 610 6,304 5,180 10,727 Operating income 190,355 100,932 497,700 270,355 Interest expense, net 25,882 27,702 68,467 82,274 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 164,473 73,230 429,233 188,081 Provision for income taxes 41,590 18,034 103,940 42,507 Income from continuing operations 122,883 55,196 325,293 145,574 Loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes (87) (104) (145) (161) Net income $ 122,796 $ 55,092 $ 325,148 $ 145,413 Income per share attributable to common stockholders - basic: Income from continuing operations $ 0.90 $ 0.41 $ 2.39 $ 1.07 Loss from discontinued operations ?€? ?€? ?€? ?€? Net income $ 0.90 $ 0.41 $ 2.39 $ 1.07 Income per share attributable to common stockholders - diluted: Income from continuing operations $ 0.88 $ 0.40 $ 2.34 $ 1.04 Loss from discontinued operations ?€? ?€? ?€? ?€? Net income $ 0.88 $ 0.40 $ 2.34 $ 1.04 Weighted average number of shares outstanding: Basic 136,011 135,521 136,269 136,301 Diluted 139,060 138,192 139,003 139,390 BJ'S WHOLESALE CLUB HOLDINGS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) October 31, 2020 November 2, 2019 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 46,116 $ 29,968 Accounts receivable, net 188,413 185,983 Merchandise inventories 1,264,323 1,271,172 Prepaid expense and other current assets 97,116 55,285 Total current assets 1,595,968 1,542,408 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 2,034,742 2,067,626 Property and equipment, net 769,258 775,659 Goodwill 924,134 924,134 Intangibles, net 138,088 150,357 Other assets 20,094 17,897 Total assets $ 5,482,284 $ 5,478,081 LIABILITIES Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt $ 260,000 $ 449,377 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 131,025 121,961 Accounts payable 1,176,104 973,328 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 643,309 507,141 Total current liabilities 2,210,438 2,051,807 Long-term lease liabilities 1,961,321 1,980,447 Long-term debt 845,696 1,339,700 Deferred income taxes 47,241 50,486 Other noncurrent liabilities 200,210 160,127 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 217,378 (104,486) Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit) $ 5,482,284 $ 5,478,081 BJ'S WHOLESALE CLUB HOLDINGS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) 39 Weeks Ended October 31, 2020 39 Weeks Ended November 2, 2019 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income $ 325,148 $ 145,413 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 124,331 116,920 Amortization of debt issuance costs and accretion of original issue discount 3,470 3,969 Debt extinguishment charges 4,077 2,032 Stock-based compensation expense 23,245 13,984 Deferred income tax provision 2,289 14,846 Other non cash items, net 5,441 2,539 Increase (decrease) in cash due to changes in: Accounts receivable 17,940 8,317 Merchandise inventories (182,821) (218,866) Accounts payable 389,692 156,448 Accrued expenses 61,829 (35,004) Other operating assets and liabilities, net 27,331 10,924 Net cash provided by operating activities 801,972 221,522 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Additions to property and equipment, net of disposals (152,800) (144,428) Proceeds from sale leaseback transaction 25,893 ?€? Net cash used in investing activities (126,907) (144,428) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Payments on long term debt (3,297) (11,533) Paydown of First Lien Term Loan (510,000) (200,000) Net (payment) borrowings on ABL Facility (68,000) 195,000 Net cash received from stock option exercises 16,431 9,293 Net cash received from Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP) 1,107 726 Acquisition of treasury stock (94,671) (67,305) Other financing activities (723) (453) Net cash used in financing activities (659,153) (74,272) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 15,912 2,822 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 30,204 27,146 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 46,116 $ 29,968 Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Information This press release includes financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with GAAP, including adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share, adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow and net debt and net debt to LTM adjusted EBITDA. We define adjusted net income as net income attributable to common stockholders adjusted for: stock-based compensation related to the IPO; offering costs; management fees; club closing and impairment charges; reduction in force severance; gain on sale leaseback transactions; charges related to debt restructurings and retirements; and the tax impact of the foregoing adjustments on net income. We define adjusted net income per diluted share as adjusted net income divided by the weighted average diluted shares outstanding. We define adjusted EBITDA as income from continuing operations before interest expense, net, provision for income taxes and depreciation and amortization, adjusted for the impact of certain other items, including: stock-based compensation expense; pre-opening expenses; non-cash rent; strategic consulting; offering costs; and other adjustments. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less additions to property and equipment, net of disposals plus proceeds from sale leaseback transaction. We define net debt as total debt outstanding less cash and cash equivalents. We define net debt to LTM adjusted EBITDA as net debt at the balance sheet date divided by adjusted EBITDA for the trailing twelve-month period. We present adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share and adjusted EBITDA, which are not recognized financial measures under GAAP, because we believe such measures assists investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. In addition, adjusted EBITDA excludes pre-opening expenses, because we do not believe these expenses are indicative of the underlying operating performance of our stores. The amount and timing of pre-opening expenses are dependent on, among other things, the size of new stores opened and the number of new stores opened during any given period. Management believes that adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share and adjusted EBITDA are helpful in highlighting trends in our core operating performance compared to other measures, which can differ significantly depending on long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which companies operate and capital investments. We use adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share and adjusted EBITDA to supplement GAAP measures of performance in the evaluation of the effectiveness of our business strategies; to make budgeting decisions; and to compare our performance against that of other peer companies using similar measures. We also use adjusted EBITDA in connection with establishing discretionary annual incentive compensation. We present free cash flow, which is not a recognized financial measure under GAAP, because we use it to report to our board of directors and we believe it assists investors and analysts in evaluating our liquidity. Free cash flow should not be considered as an alternative to cash flows from operations as a liquidity measure. We present net debt and net debt to LTM adjusted EBITDA, which are not recognized as financial measures under GAAP, because we use them to report to our board of directors and we believe they assist investors and analysts in evaluating our borrowing capacity. Net debt to LTM adjusted EBITDA is a key financial measure that is used by management to assess the borrowing capacity of the Company. You are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reasons we consider them appropriate for supplemental analysis. In evaluating adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share, adjusted EBITDA and net debt to LTM adjusted EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are the same as or like some of the adjustments in our presentation of these metrics. Our presentation of adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share, adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow, net debt and net debt to LTM adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as alternatives to any other measure derived in accordance with GAAP and they should not be construed as an inference that the Company?€?s future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. There can be no assurance that we will not modify the presentation of adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share, adjusted EBITDA or net debt to LTM adjusted EBITDA in the future, and any such modification may be material. In addition, adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share, adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow, net debt and net debt to LTM adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies in our industry or across different industries. Additionally, adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share, adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow, net debt and net debt to LTM adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Information BJ'S WHOLESALE CLUB HOLDINGS, INC. Reconciliation of net income to adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) 13 Weeks Ended 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended October 31, 2020 November 2, 2019 October 31, 2020 November 2, 2019 Net income as reported $ 122,796 $ 55,092 $ 325,148 $ 145,413 Adjustments: Offering costs (a) ?€? ?€? ?€? 1,928 Charges and write-offs related to debt paydown (b) 2,794 2,032 4,077 2,032 Loss on cash flow hedge (c) 5,097 ?€? 5,097 ?€? Tax impact of adjustments to net income (d) (2,210) (549) (2,569) (1,069) Adjusted net income $ 128,477 $ 56,575 $ 331,753 $ 148,304 Weighted average diluted shares outstanding 139,060 138,192 139,003 139,390 Adjusted net income per diluted share (e) $ 0.92 $ 0.41 $ 2.39 $ 1.06 Represents costs related to registered offerings by selling stockholders. Represents the write-off of deferred fees and original issue discount associated with the partial paydown of our First Lien Term Loan. Represents the reclassification into earnings of accumulated other comprehensive income associated with the de-designation of hedge accounting on one of our swap agreements due to the paydown of the First Lien Term Loan. Represents the tax effect of the above adjustments at a statutory tax rate of approximately 28%. Adjusted net income per diluted share is measured using weighted average diluted shares outstanding. BJ'S WHOLESALE CLUB HOLDINGS, INC. Reconciliation to Adjusted EBITDA (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) 13 Weeks Ended 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended October 31, 2020 November 2, 2019 October 31, 2020 November 2, 2019 Income from continuing operations $ 122,883 $ 55,196 $ 325,293 $ 145,574 Interest expense, net 25,882 27,702 68,467 82,274 Provision for income taxes 41,590 18,034 103,940 42,507 Depreciation and amortization 42,160 39,249 124,331 116,920 Stock-based compensation expense (a) 8,667 5,188 23,245 13,984 Pre-opening expenses (b) 610 6,304 5,180 10,727 Non-cash rent (c) 274 2,558 2,289 6,331 Strategic consulting (d) ?€? ?€? ?€? 11,349 Offering costs (e) ?€? ?€? ?€? 1,928 Other adjustments (f) 143 (87) 229 (187) Adjusted EBITDA $ 242,209 $ 154,144 $ 652,974 $ 431,407 Represents total stock-based compensation expense. Represents direct incremental costs of opening or relocating a facility that are charged to operations as incurred. Consists of an adjustment to remove the non-cash portion of rent expense. Represents fees paid to external consultants for strategic initiatives of limited duration. Represents costs related to registered offerings by selling stockholders. Other non-cash items, including non-cash accretion on asset retirement obligations and obligations associated with our post-retirement medical plan. BJ'S WHOLESALE CLUB HOLDINGS, INC. Reconciliation to Free Cash Flow (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) 13 Weeks Ended 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended October 31, 2020 November 2, 2019 October 31, 2020 November 2, 2019 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 68,280 $ 6,398 $ 801,972 $ 221,522 Less: Additions to property and equipment, net of disposals 69,838 56,130 152,800 144,428 Plus: Proceeds from sale leaseback transaction 21,832 ?€? 25,893 ?€? Free cash flow $ 20,274 $ (49,732) $ 675,065 $ 77,094 BJ'S WHOLESALE CLUB HOLDINGS, INC. Reconciliation of Net Debt and Net Debt to LTM adjusted EBITDA (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited) October 31, 2020 Total debt $ 1,105,696 Less: Cash and cash equivalents 46,116 Net Debt $ 1,059,580 Income from continuing operations 367,476 Interest expense, net 94,423 Provision for income taxes 117,645 Depreciation and amortization 164,411 Stock-based compensation expense (a) 28,057 Pre-opening expenses (b) 9,605 Non-cash rent (c) 4,332 Reduction in force severance (d) 3,994 Club closings and impairment charges (e) 15,383 Other adjustments (f) (2,135) Adjusted EBITDA $ 803,191 Net debt to LTM adjusted EBITDA 1.3x Represents total stock-based compensation expense. Represents direct incremental costs of opening or relocating a facility that are charged to operations as incurred. Consists of an adjustment to remove the non-cash portion of rent expense. Represents severance charges associated with a reduction in workforce announced in January 2020. Represents primarily closing costs associated with our clubs in Charlotte, N.C. and Geneva, N.Y., which closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 and other impairment charges. Other non-cash items, including a gain from the sale leaseback of one of our new Michigan locations, non-cash accretion on asset retirement obligations, termination costs to former executives and obligations associated with our post-retirement medical plan.
BJ?€?s Restaurants, Inc. (?€?BJ?€?s?€?) is a national brand with brewhouse roots and a menu where craft matters. BJ?€?s broad menu has something for everyone: slow-roasted entrees, like prime rib, BJ?€?s EnLIGHTened Entrees?? including Cherry Chipotle Glazed Salmon, signature deep dish pizza and the often imitated, but never replicated world-famous Pizookie?? dessert. BJ?€?s has been a pioneer in the craft brewing world since 1996, and takes pride in serving BJ?€?s award-winning proprietary handcrafted beers, brewed at its brewing operations in five states and by independent third party craft brewers. The BJ?€?s experience offers high-quality ingredients, bold flavors, moderate prices, sincere service and a cool, contemporary atmosphere. Founded in 1978, BJ?€?s owns and operates 210 casual dining restaurants in 29 states: Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and Washington. All restaurants offer dine-in, take-out, delivery and large party catering. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, one of our restaurants remains temporarily closed, and dine-in service is currently limited or not available and hours are limited in our remaining 209 restaurants.
BNY Mellon Investment Management is one of the world's largest investment firms, with US $2 trillion in assets under management as of September 30, 2020. Through an investor-first approach, the firm brings to clients the best of both worlds: specialist expertise from eight investment firms offering solutions across every major asset class, backed by the strength, stability, and global presence of BNY Mellon, one of the world's most trusted investment partners.
Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) Dep Shs Repstg 1/4000th Perp Pfd Ser C
BNY Mellon Core Bond
BlackRock Kelso Capital Corporation (BlackRock Kelso) is an externally-managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company. The Company's investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through its debt and equity investments. It invests primarily in middle-market companies and target investments throughout the capital structure. The term middle-market refers to companies with annual revenues typically between $50 million and $1 billion. Its targeted investment typically ranges between $10 million and $50 million. The Company seeks to invest in companies that operate in a variety of industries and that generate positive cash flows. It provides middle-market companies with flexible financing solutions, including senior and junior secured, unsecured and subordinated debt securities and loans, and equity securities. Its advisor is BlackRock Kelso Capital Advisors LLC.
Brookdale Senior Living Inc. is the leading operator of senior living communities throughout the United States. The Company is committed to providing senior living solutions primarily within properties that are designed, purpose-built, and operated to provide the highest-quality service, care, and living accommodations for residents. Brookdale operates and manages independent living, assisted living, memory care, and continuing care retirement communities, with 726 communities in 44 states and the ability to serve approximately 65,000 residents as of September 30, 2020. The Company also offers a range of home health, hospice, and outpatient therapy services to over 17,000 patients as of that date. Brookdale's stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BKD. For more Brookdale news, go to brookdalenews.com. About J.D. Power J.D. Power is a global leader in consumer insights, advisory services and data and analytics. A pioneer in the use of big data, artificial intelligence (AI) and algorithmic modeling capabilities to understand consumer behavior, J.D. Power has been delivering incisive industry intelligence on customer interactions with brands and products for more than 50 years. The world's leading businesses across major industries rely on J.D. Power to guide their customer-facing strategies. J.D. Power is headquartered in Troy, Mich., and has offices in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific.
Offering a unique mix of high-quality, on-trend apparel, accessories, and footwear, Buckle caters to fashion-conscious young men and women. Known as a denim destination, each store carries a wide selection of fits, styles, and finishes from leading denim brands, including the Company?€?s exclusive brand, BKE. Headquartered in Kearney, Nebraska, Buckle currently operates 446 retail stores in 42 states. As of the end of the fiscal quarter, it operated 446 stores in 42 states compared with 449 stores in 42 states at the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2019.
BNY Mellon Emerging Markets Equity
Blueknight owns and operates a diversified portfolio of complementary midstream energy assets consisting of: 8.8 million barrels of liquid asphalt storage located at 53 terminals in 26 states; 6.9 million barrels of above-ground crude oil storage capacity located primarily in Oklahoma, approximately 6.6 million barrels of which are located at the Cushing Interchange terminalling facility in Cushing, Oklahoma; 604 miles of crude oil pipeline located primarily in Oklahoma; and 63 crude oil transportation vehicles deployed in Oklahoma and Texas. 63 crude oil transportation vehicles deployed in Oklahoma and Texas. Blueknight provides integrated terminalling, gathering and transportation services for companies engaged in the production, distribution and marketing of liquid asphalt and crude oil. Blueknight is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
No Description Available
Black Hills Energy operates regulated electric utilities in Colorado, South Dakota, and Wyoming, serving nearly 215,000 customers. The company?€?s electric utility in Colorado is the cleanest in the state, with an all-renewable and natural gas generation fleet. Black Hills Energy?€?s renewable energy portfolio continues to grow and support further greenhouse gas emission reductions. About Black Hills Energy?€?s Natural Gas Utilities Black Hills Energy operates natural gas utilities serving over 1 million customers in six states. Black Hills Energy operates natural gas utilities serving over 1 million customers in six states. The utilities operate a modern gas system, with no cast iron pipe since 2014 with nearly 99% of infrastructure comprised of materials with the lowest emissions factors. Investing in infrastructure safety and the environment are a priority, with programmatic upgrades continuing system wide. Black Hills Energy is committed to completing replacement of all remaining unprotected pipe before 2035. Black Hills Corp. Black Hills Corp. is a customer focused, growth-oriented utility company with a tradition of improving life with energy and a vision to be the energy partner of choice. Based in Rapid City, South Dakota, the company serves nearly 1.3 million natural gas and electric utility customers in eight states: Arkansas, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, South Dakota, and Wyoming.
BNY Mellon High Yield Beta
Black Knight, Inc. is an award-winning software, data and analytics company that drives innovation in the mortgage lending and servicing and real estate industries, as well as the capital and secondary markets. Businesses leverage our robust, integrated solutions across the entire homeownership life cycle to help retain existing customers, gain new customers, mitigate risk and operate more effectively. Our clients rely on our proven, comprehensive, scalable products and our unwavering commitment to delivering superior client support to achieve their strategic goals and better serve their customers.
BNY Mellon International Equity
BNY Mellon US Large Cap Core Equity
BNY Mellon US Mid Cap Core Equity
"Established in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com B.V. has grown from a small Dutch start-up to one of the largest travel e-commerce companies in the world. Part of Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), Booking.com now employs more than 17,000 employees in 198 offices in 70 countries worldwide.

With a mission to empower people to experience the world, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. At Booking.com, we connect travellers with the world's largest selection of incredible places to stay, including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&Bs to 5-star luxury resorts, tree houses and even igloos."
Baker Hughes is an energy technology company that provides solutions to energy and industrial customers worldwide. Built on a century of experience and with operations in over 120 countries, our innovative technologies and services are taking energy forward ?€? making it safer, cleaner and more efficient for people and the planet.
BNY Mellon Short Duration Corporate Bond
Bank of South Carolina Corporation is a financial institution holding company. The Company offers a range of financial services through its wholly owned subsidiary, The Bank of South Carolina (the Bank). The Bank is a commercial bank, which operates principally in the Charleston, Dorchester, and Berkeley counties of South Carolina. The Company derives its income from interest on loans and investments (interest bearing assets). The primary source of funding for making these loans and investments is the Company's interest and non-interest bearing deposits. As of December 31, 2012, the Company operated as a commercial bank from its four banking house locations. The Bank serves Berkeley, Charleston and Dorchester counties (the Tri-County Area) as an independent, community oriented commercial bank.
BNY Mellon US Small Cap Core Equity
BK Technologies Inc
BankUnited, Inc., with total assets of $34.7 billion at June 30, 2020, is the bank holding company of BankUnited, N.A., a national bank headquartered in Miami Lakes, Florida that provides a full range of banking and related services to individual and corporate customers through banking centers located in the state of Florida and in the New York metropolitan area. BankUnited also offers certain commercial lending and deposit products through national platforms.
BIO-key International, Inc. develops and markets fingerprint biometric technology and related security software solutions to private and public sector customers. Its solutions enable application developers, value added resellers, and channel partners to integrate fingerprint biometrics into their application. The company??s products include Vector Segment Technology SDK, a biometric software development kit; Intelligent Image Indexing, a biometric identification solution that offers one-to-many user identifications; and WEB-key, an authentication-transaction security platform for securing user authentication across unprotected networks, including the Internet. Its products also include Biometric Service Provider, which provides support for the BioAPI for a compliant interface to applications using biometrics for verification and identification; and ID Director, a solution for single sign on integration with CA Technologies SiteMinder, Oracle??s Fusion Middleware SSO, IBM Tivoli Access Manager, and other solutions. The company markets its products through its direct sales force of professionals, as well as through resellers, integrators, and partner networks to government and corporate customers primarily in North America. The company was formerly known as SAC Technologies, Inc. and changed its name to BIO-key International, Inc. in 2002. BIO-key International, Inc. was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Wall, New Jersey.
Companies come to BlackLine because their traditional manual accounting processes are not sustainable. BlackLine's??cloud-based solutions and market-leading customer service help companies move to modern accounting by unifying their data and processes, automating repetitive work, and driving accountability through visibility. BlackLine provides solutions to manage and automate financial close, accounts receivable and intercompany accounting processes, helping large enterprises and midsize companies across all industries do accounting work better, faster and with more control. More than 3,200 customers trust??BlackLine??to help them close faster with complete and accurate results. The company is the pioneer of the cloud financial close market and recognized as the leader by customers at leading end-user review sites including Gartner Peer Insights, G2 and TrustRadius. Based in??Los Angeles,??BlackLine??also has regional headquarters in??London,??Singapore??and??Sydney.
Blue Bird is the leading independent designer and manufacturer of school buses, with more than 550,000 buses sold since its formation in 1927 and approximately 180,000 buses in operation today. Blue Bird distinguishes itself from its principal competitors by its singular focus on the design, engineering, manufacture and sale of school buses and related parts. As the only manufacturer of chassis and body production specifically designed for school bus applications, Blue Bird is recognized as an industry leader for school bus innovation, safety, product quality/reliability/durability, operating costs and drivability. In addition, Blue Bird is the market leader in alternative fuel applications with its propane-powered, electric-powered and compressed natural gas-powered school buses. Blue Bird manufactures school buses at two facilities in Fort Valley, Georgia. Its Micro Bird joint venture operates a manufacturing facility in Drummondville, Quebec, Canada. Service and after-market parts are distributed from Blue Bird?€?s parts distribution center located in Delaware, Ohio.
Bellicum is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company striving to deliver cures through controllable cell therapies. The company?€?s next-generation product candidates are differentiated by powerful cell signaling technologies designed to produce more effective CAR-T cell therapies. Bellicum?€?s GoCAR-T ?? product candidates, BPX-601 and BPX-603, are designed to be more efficacious CAR-T cell products capable of overriding key immune inhibitory mechanisms.
BlueCity Holdings Ltd ADS
TopBuild Corp., a Fortune 1000 Company headquartered in Daytona Beach, Florida, is a leading installer and distributor of insulation and building material products to the U.S. construction industry. We provide insulation and building material services nationwide through TruTeam ??, which has close to 200 branches, and through Service Partners ?? which distributes insulation and building material products from over 75 branches. We leverage our national footprint to gain economies of scale while capitalizing on our local market presence to forge strong relationships with our customers.
Ballard Power Systems' (NASDAQ: BLDP ; TSX: BLDP) vision is to deliver fuel cell power for a sustainable planet. Ballard zero-emission PEM fuel cells are enabling electrification of mobility, including buses, commercial trucks, trains, marine vessels, passenger cars and forklift trucks.
Headquartered in Dallas, Texas, Builders FirstSource is the largest U.S supplier of building products, prefabricated components, and value-added services to the professional market segment for new residential construction and repair and remodeling. We provide customers an integrated homebuilding solution, offering manufacturing, supply, delivery and installation of a full range of structural and related building products. We operate in 40 states with approximately 400 locations and have a market presence in 77 of the top 100 Metropolitan Statistical Areas, providing geographic diversity and balanced end market exposure. We service customers from strategically located distribution and manufacturing facilities (certain of which are co-located) that produce value-added products such as roof and floor trusses, wall panels, stairs, vinyl windows, custom millwork and pre-hung doors. Builders FirstSource also distributes dimensional lumber and lumber sheet goods, millwork, windows, interior and exterior doors, and other building products.
BioLife Solutions, Inc. (BioLife) is a life sciences tools provider. The Company's product offerings include bio-preservation media products for cells, tissues, and organs; generic formulations of blood stem cell freezing media products; custom product formulation and custom packaging services, and contract aseptic manufacturing fill and finish services. Its HypoThermosol, CryoStor, and generic BloodStor biopreservation media products are marketed to regenerative medicine companies, hospital-based stem cell transplant centers, pharmaceutical companies, cord blood and adult stem cell banks, hair transplant surgeons, and suppliers of cells to the drug discovery, toxicology testing and diagnostic markets.
Berkeley Lights Inc
Bridgeline Digital, The Digital Engagement Company, helps customers maximize the performance of their omni-channel digital experience - from websites and intranets to online stores and campaigns. Bridgeline's Unbound platform deeply integrates Web Content Management, eCommerce, Marketing Automation, Site Search, Community Portals, Social Media Management, Translation and Web Analytics to help organizations deliver digital experiences that attract, engage, nurture and convert their customers across all channels and streamline business operations. Headquartered in Woburn, Mass., Bridgeline has thousands of quality customers that range from small- and medium-sized organizations to Fortune 1000 companies.
BlackRock?€?s purpose is to help more and more people experience financial well-being. As a fiduciary to investors and a leading provider of financial technology, our clients turn to us for the solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. As of September 30, 2020, the firm managed approximately $7.81 trillion in assets on behalf of investors worldwide.
Blackbaud?? is the world's leading cloud software company powering social good. Serving the entire social good community?€?nonprofits, higher education institutions, K?€?12 schools, healthcare organizations, faith communities, arts and cultural organizations, foundations, companies and individual change agents?€?Blackbaud connects and empowers organizations to increase their impact through cloud software, services, expertise and data intelligence. The Blackbaud portfolio is tailored to the unique needs of vertical markets, with solutions for fundraising and CRM, marketing, advocacy, peer-to-peer fundraising, corporate social responsibility, school management, ticketing, grantmaking, financial management, payment processing and analytics. Serving the industry for more than three decades, Blackbaud is headquartered in Charleston, South Carolina, and has operations in the United States, Australia, Canada, Costa Rica and the United Kingdom.
Ball Corporation supplies innovative, sustainable aluminum packaging solutions for beverage, personal care and household products customers, as well as aerospace and other technologies and services primarily for the U.S. government. Ball Corporation and its subsidiaries employ more than 18,300 people worldwide and reported 2019 net sales of $11.5 billion.
Bloomin?€? Brands, Inc. is one of the largest casual dining restaurant companies in the world with a portfolio of leading, differentiated restaurant concepts. The Company has four founder-inspired brands: Outback Steakhouse, Carrabba?€?s Italian Grill, Bonefish Grill and Fleming?€?s Prime Steakhouse and Wine Bar. The Company operates more than 1,450 restaurants in 47 states, Puerto Rico, Guam and 20 countries, some of which are franchise locations.
Blink Charging Co. (Nasdaq: BLNK, BLNKW) is a leader in electric vehicle (EV) charging equipment that has deployed over 23,000 charging stations, many of which are networked EV charging stations, enabling EV drivers to easily charge at any of its charging locations worldwide. The Company?€?s principal line of products and services is its Blink EV charging network (?€?Blink Network?€?), EV charging equipment, and EV charging services. The Blink Network utilizes a proprietary cloud-based software that operates, maintains, and tracks the EV charging stations connected to the network and the associated charging data. With global EV purchases forecasted to rise to 10 million by 2025 from approximately 2 million in 2019, the Company has established key strategic partnerships to rollout adoption across numerous location types, including parking facilities, multi-family residences and condos, workplace locations, healthcare/medical facilities, schools and universities, airports, auto dealers, hotels, mixed-use municipal locations, parks and recreation areas, religious institutions, restaurants, retailers, stadiums, supermarkets, and transportation hubs.
Blink Charging Company. Warrant
Bellerophon Therapeutics??is a clinical-stage biotherapeutics company focused on developing innovative therapies that address significant unmet medical needs in the treatment of cardiopulmonary and infectious diseases. The Company is currently developing multiple product candidates under its INOpulse?? program, a proprietary pulsatile nitric oxide delivery system.
BioLine RX Ltd is an Israel-based company engaged in the development of therapeutics, from preclinical-stage development to advanced clinical trials, for a range of medical needs. Its clinical therapeutic candidates under development consist of BL-1020 that is in Phase II/III clinical trials to improve cognitive function in schizophrenia patients; BL-1040, which is under pivotal CE-Mark registration trial for the prevention of cardiac remodeling following an acute myocardial infarction; BL-5010, which has completed Phase I/II clinical trials for non-surgical removal of skin lesions; BL-1021 that has completed Phase Ia clinical trial for the treatment of neuropathic pain or pain that results from damage to nerve fibers, and BL-7040, a synthetic oligonucleotide, which is in Phase II clinical trial for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease. The Company also has 11 pre-clinical stage development products for various indications.
BCLS Acquisition Corp - Class A
BELLUS Health Inc. (BELLUS Health), is a development-focused healthcare company. BELLUS Health is focusing on products, which provides health solutions and address medical needs. The Company's product portfolio includes two pharmaceutical drug candidates and one commercial stage nutraceutical product, which include KIACTA, BLU8499 and VIVIMIND. BELLUS Health' primary focus is on advancing KIACTA, a treatment for AA amyloidosis through a pivotal Phase III Confirmatory Study. In August 2013, BELLUS Health Inc. acquired Thallion Pharmaceuticals Inc.
bluebird bio is pioneering gene therapy with purpose. From our Cambridge, Mass., headquarters, we?€?re developing gene and cell therapies for severe genetic diseases and cancer, with the goal that people facing potentially fatal conditions with limited treatment options can live their lives fully. Beyond our labs, we?€?re working to positively disrupt the healthcare system to create access, transparency and education so that gene therapy can become available to all those who can benefit. bluebird bio is a human company powered by human stories. We?€?re putting our care and expertise to work across a spectrum of disorders, including cerebral adrenoleukodystrophy, sickle cell disease, ??-thalassemia and multiple myeloma, using gene and cell therapy technologies including gene addition, and (megaTAL-enabled) gene editing. bluebird bio has additional nests in Seattle, Wash.; Durham, N.C.; and Zug, Switzerland.
Banco Latinoamericano de Comercio Exterior, S.A. (the Bank or Bladex) a supranational bank established by central banks of Latin American and Caribbean countries to promote trade finance in Latin America and the Caribbean (the Region). The Bank is principally engaged in providing trade financing to selected commercial banks, middle-market companies and corporations in the Region. The Commercial Division and The Treasury Division. The Bank's lending and investing activities are funded by interbank deposits, primarily from central banks and financial institutions in the Region, by borrowings from international commercial banks and, to a lesser extent, by sales of the Bank's debt securities to financial institutions and investors in Asia, Europe, North America and the Region. The Bank does not provide retail banking services to the general public, such as retail savings accounts or checking accounts, and does not take retail deposits.
Banco Macro SA is an Argentina-based financial institution. The Bank offers traditional banking products and services to businesses and individuals nationwide. It divides its operations into personal banking, which provides services for individuals and microenterprises; and corporate baking, which covers small, medium and large companies, as well as major corporations and agribusinesses. The Bank's products and services portfolio includes loans, insurance, debit and credit cards, investment advice and fixed-term deposits, among others. As of December 31, 2012, the Bank owned fully consolidated subsidiaries Banco del Tucuman SA, Banco Privado de Inversiones SA, Macro Bank Limited, Macro Securities SA Sociedad de Bolsa, Macro Fiducia SA and Banco del Tucuman SA.
Inc. With $3.6 billion in 2019 net sales, BMC is one of the nation?€?s leading providers of diversified building materials and solutions to new construction builders and professional remodelers in the U.S. Headquartered in Raleigh, North Carolina, the Company's comprehensive portfolio of products and services spans building materials, including millwork and structural component manufacturing capabilities, consultative showrooms and design centers, value-added installation management and an innovative eBusiness platform. BMC serves 45 metropolitan areas across 18 states, principally in the South and West regions.
BlackRock Health Sciences Trust II Com Shs
Badger Meter is an innovator in flow measurement, control and communications solutions, serving water utilities, municipalities, and commercial and industrial customers worldwide. The Company?€?s products measure water and other fluids, and are known for accuracy, long-lasting durability and for providing valuable and timely measurement data.
Bank of America Corporation Depositary Shares Series 1
Bank of America Corporation Depositary Shares Series 2
Bank of America Corporation Depositary Shares Series 4
Bank of America Corporation Depositary Shares Series 5

Bank of Montreal offers various banking products and services in Canada, the United States, and internationally. The company??s personal and commercial banking products and services include chequing and savings accounts; banking services, including 24/7 banking, direct deposits, bill payments, overdraft services, money transfers, wire transfers, and travel insurance; credit cards; mortgages; loans and lines of credit; and creditor insurance. It also offers savings plan, investment certificates and mutual funds, online investing, and exchange traded funds; and financial planning services. In addition, the company provides wealth management services, such as full service investment advice, private banking, financial planning, and global asset management services, as well as equity and debt underwriting, corporate lending and project financing, merger and acquisitions advisory services, securitization, treasury management, risk management, debt and equity research, and institutional sales and trading. It operates approximately 1,550 bank branches in Canada and the United States. The company serves small business, commercial, high net worth, corporate, institutional, and government clients. Bank of Montreal was founded in 1817 and is headquartered in Montreal, Canada.
Biomerica, Inc. ( www.biomerica.com ) is a global biomedical technology company that develops, patents, manufactures and markets advanced diagnostic and therapeutic products used at the point-of-care (in home and in physicians' offices) and in hospital/clinical laboratories for detection and/or treatment of medical conditions and diseases. The Company's products are designed to enhance the health and well-being of people, while reducing total healthcare costs. Biomerica primarily focus is on gastrointestinal and inflammatory diseases where the Company has multiple diagnostic and therapeutic products in development. About InFoods?? The Biomerica InFoods?? IBS product is designed to allow physicians to identify patient specific foods (e.g. eggs, broccoli, wheat, potatoes, corn, etc. ), that when removed from the diet, may alleviate or improve an individual's IBS symptoms including, but not limited to, constipation, diarrhea, bloating, pain and indigestion. This patented, diagnostic-guided therapy is designed to allow for a patient specific, guided dietary regimen to improve IBS outcomes. The point-of-care product is being developed to allow physicians to perform the test in-office using a finger stick blood sample while a clinical lab version of the product is expected to be the first for which the company will seek regulatory approval. A billable CPT code that can be used by both clinical labs and physicians' offices is already available for InFoods?? diagnostic products. Since the InFoods?? product is a diagnostic-guided therapy, and not a drug, it has no drug type side effects. An estimated 45 million people in America currently suffer from IBS making it a leading cause for patient doctor visits.
Founded in 1989 and headquartered in Novato, Bank of Marin is the wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of Marin Bancorp. A leading business and community bank in the San Francisco Bay Area, with assets of $3.2 billion as of June 30, 2020, Bank of Marin has 22 branches, 5 commercial banking offices and 2 loan production offices located across 7 Bay Area counties. Bank of Marin provides commercial banking, personal banking, and wealth management and trust services. Specializing in providing legendary service to its customers and investing in its local communities, Bank of Marin has consistently been ranked one of the ?€?Top Corporate Philanthropists" by the San Francisco Business Times and one of the ?€?Best Places to Work?€? by the North Bay Business Journal. Bank of Marin Bancorp is included in the Russell 2000 Small-Cap Index and Nasdaq ABA Community Bank Index.
BioMarin is a global biotechnology company that develops and commercializes innovative therapies for serious and life-threatening rare genetic diseases. The Company's portfolio consists of six commercialized products and multiple clinical and pre-clinical product candidates.
Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation (the ?€?Corporation?€?), is the holding company for The Bryn Mawr Trust Company which was founded in 1889, and is headquartered in Bryn Mawr, Pa. BMT is a locally managed, premier financial services company providing retail and commercial banking; trust administration and wealth management; and insurance and risk management solutions. Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation has $5.3 billion in corporate assets and $17.0 billion in wealth assets under management, administration, supervision, and brokerage (as of 6/30/2020). The company operates 42 banking locations, 7 wealth management offices and 2 insurance and risk management locations in the following counties: Montgomery, Chester, Delaware, Philadelphia, and Dauphin Counties in Pennsylvania; New Castle County in Delaware; and Mercer and Camden Counties in New Jersey.
In 2011, through a collaboration agreement with Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Bristol Myers Squibb expanded its territorial rights to develop and commercialize Opdivo globally, except in Japan, South Korea and Taiwan, where Ono had retained all rights to the compound at the time. On July 23, 2014, Ono and Bristol Myers Squibb further expanded the companies?€? strategic collaboration agreement to jointly develop and commercialize multiple immunotherapies ?€? as single agents and combination regimens ?€? for patients with cancer in Japan, South Korea and Taiwan. About Bristol Myers Squibb Bristol Myers Squibb is a global biopharmaceutical company whose mission is to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases. Bristol Myers Squibb is a global biopharmaceutical company whose mission is to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases.

Barnes & Noble College, a Barnes & Noble Education company, is a leading operator of college bookstores in the United States. Barnes & Noble College currently operates 772 campus bookstores and the school-branded e-commerce sites for each store, serving more than 5 million college students and faculty nationwide.
Benefitfocus unifies the entire U.S. benefits industry on a single technology platform to protect consumers for life. Our powerful cloud-based software, data-driven insights and thoughtfully-designed services enable employers, insurance brokers, health plans??and suppliers??to simplify the complexity of benefits administration and deliver health, wealth, property and lifestyle products through a world-class benefits experience.
Bionano is a genome analysis company providing tools and services based on its Saphyr system to scientists and clinicians conducting genetic research and patient testing, and providing diagnostic testing for those with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and other neurodevelopmental disabilities through its Lineagen business. Bionano?€?s Saphyr system is a platform for ultra-sensitive and ultra-specific structural variation detection that enables researchers and clinicians to accelerate the search for new diagnostics and therapeutic targets and to streamline the study of changes in chromosomes, which is known as cytogenetics. The Saphyr system is comprised of an instrument, chip consumables, reagents and a suite of data analysis tools, and genome analysis services to provide access to data generated by the Saphyr system for researchers who prefer not to adopt the Saphyr system in their labs. Lineagen has been providing genetic testing services to families and their healthcare providers for over nine years and has performed over 65,000 tests for those with neurodevelopmental concerns.
Bionano Genomics Inc - Warrants (21/08/2023)
Broadstone Net Lease Inc - Class A
Burning Rock Biotech Ltd ADS Sponsored
The Bank of Nova Scotia provides various personal, commercial, corporate, and investment banking services in Canada and internationally. The company provides financial advice, solutions, and day-to-day banking products, including debit cards, checking accounts, credit cards, investments, mortgages, loans, and related creditor insurance products to individuals and small businesses; and commercial banking solutions, including lending, deposit, cash management, and trade finance solutions to medium and large businesses primarily through a network of 1,040 branches and 3,942 automated banking machines. It also offers a range of financial products, solutions, and advice to retail and commercial customers in Latin America, the Caribbean, Central America, and Asia primarily through a network of approximately 3,000 branches and offices, approximately 7,700 automated banking machines, and in-store banking kiosks. In addition, the company offers wealth management services comprising asset management and advisory services for retail and institutional investors; insurance products, such as creditor, non-creditor, life and health, home, property, and auto and travel insurance; cash management, payment services, electronic banking, business deposits, and trade services to small business, commercial, and corporate customers; and correspondent banking products and services to other financial institutions. Further, it offers corporate banking, investment banking, and capital markets solutions to corporate, government, and institutional clients, including corporate lending, equity and debt underwriting, mergers and acquisitions advisory, fixed income and equity sales, trading and research, prime brokerage, securitization, foreign exchange, and energy and rates hedging, as well as precious and base metals sales, trading, and storage. It also offers its products through mobile, Internet, and telephone banking. The company was founded in 1832 and is headquartered in Halifax, Canada.
Bonso Electronics International Inc. (Bonso) designs, develops, produces and sells electronic sensor-based and wireless products for private label original equipment manufacturers (individually OEM or, collectively, OEM's), original brand manufacturers (individually OBM or, collectively, OBM's) and original design manufacturers (individually ODM or, collectively, ODM's). The Company's sensor-based scale products include bathroom, kitchen, office, jewelry, laboratory, postal and industrial scales that are used in consumer, commercial and industrial applications. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013 (fiscal 2013), these products accounted for 91% of revenue.
Benitec Biopharma Inc. ("Benitec" or the "Company") is a development-stage biotechnology company focused on the advancement of novel genetic medicines with headquarters in Hayward, California. The proprietary platform, called??DNA-directed??RNA interference, or ddRNAi, combines RNA interference, or RNAi, with gene therapy to create medicines that facilitate sustained silencing of disease-causing genes following a single administration. The Company is developing ddRNAi-based therapeutics for chronic and life-threatening human conditions including Oculopharyngeal Muscular Dystrophy (OPMD) and Chronic Hepatitis B. A comprehensive overview of the Company can be found on Benitec's website at www.benitec.com.
BARNETT INC
BioNTech SE ADS
Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Bank of Commerce Holdings is a bank holding company headquartered in Sacramento, California and is the parent company for Merchants Bank of Commerce. The Bank is an FDIC-insured California banking corporation providing community banking and financial services in northern California from Sacramento to Yreka along the Interstate 5 corridor. The Bank was incorporated as a California banking corporation on November 25, 1981 and opened for business on October 22, 1982. The Company?€?s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market and trades under the symbol ?€?BOCH?€?. Contact Information: Randall S. Eslick, President and Chief Executive Officer Telephone Direct (916) 677-5800 James A. Sundquist, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Telephone Direct (916) 677-5825 Andrea M. Newburn, Vice President and Senior Administrative Officer / Corporate Secretary Telephone Direct (530) 722-395
Bank of Hawaii Corporation is an independent regional financial services company serving businesses, consumers, and governments in Hawaii and the West Pacific. The Company?€?s principal subsidiary, Bank of Hawaii, was founded in 1897.
BOK Financial Corporation is a more than $40 billion regional financial services company headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma with more than $80 billion in assets under management and administration. The company's stock is publicly traded on NASDAQ under the Global Select market listings (BOKF). BOK Financial Corporation's holdings include BOKF, NA; BOK Financial Securities, Inc., BOK Financial Private Wealth, and BOK Financial Insurance, Inc. BOKF, NA operates TransFund, Cavanal Hill Investment Management and BOK Financial Asset Management, Inc. BOKF, NA operates banking divisions across eight states as: Bank of Albuquerque; Bank of Oklahoma; Bank of Texas and BOK Financial (in Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas and Missouri); as well as having limited purpose offices Nebraska, Milwaukee and Connecticut. Through its subsidiaries, BOK Financial Corporation provides commercial and consumer banking, brokerage trading, investment, trust and insurance services, mortgage origination and servicing, and an electronic funds transfer network.

Boston Omaha Corporation is a public holding company with three majority owned businesses engaged in outdoor advertising, surety insurance and broadband telecommunications services. The Company also maintains minority investments in a bank, a national residential homebuilder and commercial real estate services businesses.
Dynamic Materials Corporation (DMC) is a provider of explosion-welded clad metal plates. The Company is an industrial manufacturer focusing on niche markets related to the building of equipment and materials to support the infrastructure of the process and energy industries. The Company operates in three segments: Explosive Metalworking, Oilfield Products and AMK Welding. Explosion-weld cladding uses an explosive charge to bond together plates of different metals. Its Explosive Metalworking operations are located in the United States, Germany and France. Through its Oilfield Products segment, which it also refers to as DYNAenergetics, it provides a range of products for the global oil and gas industries. Its AMK Welding segment (AMK Welding) provides welding services, primarily to the power turbine and aircraft engine manufacturing industries. On January 3, 2012, the Company acquired the assets and operating business of Texas-based TRX Industries, Inc.
Boot Barn Holdings, Inc., a lifestyle retail chain company, operates specialty retail stores in the United States. Its stores offer western and work-related footwear, apparel, and accessories. The company??s products include boots, denim, western shirts, cowboy hats, belts and belt buckles, and western-style jewelry and accessories; and rugged footwear, outerwear, overalls, denims, and shirts, as well as safety-toe boots, and flame-resistant and high-visibility clothing. As of March 16, 2015, it operated 169 stores. The company also sells its products through bootbarn.com, an e-commerce Website. The company was formerly known as WW Top Investment Corporation and changed its name to Boot Barn Holdings, Inc. in June 2014. Boot Barn Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Irvine, California.
Borr Drilling Ltd
B.O.S. Better Online Solutions Ltd. provides RFID (Radio-frequency identification) and supply chain solutions to global enterprises. The Company's RFID and mobile division offers both turnkey integration services as well as stand-alone products, including RFID and AIDC hardware and communications equipment, BOS middleware, and industry-specific software applications. The company's supply chain division provides electronic components consolidation services to the aerospace, defense, medical, telecommunications industries as well as to enterprise customers worldwide.
Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. (Financial) is a bank holding company of Bank of the James (the Bank). The Bank, though it's BOTJ Investment Services division (Investment) offers brokerage, fixed and variable annuity products, and related services to the public through a contract with a third party broker-dealer. The Bank also wholly owns BOTJ Insurance, Inc. (BOTJ Insurance) through which it acts as an agent for insurance and annuity products. As of December 31, 2009, the Bank conducted its business from nine full-service offices. Four of the full-service offices are located in Lynchburg, Virginia, one full-service location is located in Madison Heights, Virginia, one is located in the Town of Amherst, Virginia, one is located in Forest, Virginia, one is located in the City of Bedford, Virginia and one is located in the Town of Altavista, Virginia.

BowX Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Cl A & 13 Wt
BowX Acquisition Corp - Warrants (03/08/2025)
Box, Inc. provides cloud-based mobile optimized enterprise content collaboration platform that enables organizations of various sizes to manage their content from anywhere. The company??s platform enables users to collaborate on content both internally and externally, build workflows related to mission-critical processes, and deploy compliance and security features. Box, Inc. offers its solution in 22 languages. It serves healthcare and life sciences, financial services, legal services, media and entertainment, retail, education, energy, and government industries. The company was formerly known as Box.net, Inc. and changed its name to Box, Inc. in November, 2011. Box, Inc. was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Los Altos, California.
Boxlight Corporation - Ordinary Shares - Class A
BP p.l.c. (BP) is an integrated oil and gas company. The Company provides its customers with fuel for transportation, energy for heat and light, lubricants and the petrochemicals products used to make everyday items as diverse as paints, clothes and packaging. The Company operates in two business segments: Exploration and Production, and Refining and Marketing. The segment comprises three main businesses: fuels, lubricants and petrochemicals. Effective March 21, 2013, the Company acquired a 5.66% interest in OAO Neftyanaya Kompaniya Rosneft. In September 2013, UGI Corp announced that its subsidiary, Flaga GmbH, has completed the acquisition of the liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) distribution business of BP in Poland.
Boston Private is a leading provider of integrated wealth management, trust and banking services to individuals, families, businesses and nonprofits. For more than 30 years, Boston Private has delivered comprehensive advice coupled with deep technical expertise to help clients simplify their lives and achieve their goals. The firm offers the capabilities of a large institution with the superior service of a boutique firm to clients across the United States. Boston Private is the corporate brand of Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc..
Blueprint Medicines??is a precision therapy company striving to improve human health. With a focus on genomically defined cancers, rare diseases and cancer immunotherapy, we are developing transformational medicines rooted in our leading expertise in protein kinases, which are proven drivers of disease. Our uniquely targeted, scalable approach empowers the rapid design and development of new treatments and increases the likelihood of clinical success. We have two approved precision therapies and are currently advancing multiple investigational medicines in clinical and pre-clinical development, along with a number of earlier-stage research programs.
BP Midstream Partners LP representing Limited Partner Interests
Popular, Inc. is the leading financial institution by both assets and deposits in Puerto Rico and ranks among the top 50 U.S. bank holding companies by assets. Founded in 1893, Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, Popular?€? s principal subsidiary, provides retail, mortgage and commercial banking services in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Popular also offers in Puerto Rico auto and equipment leasing and financing, investment banking, broker-dealer, and insurance services through specialized subsidiaries. In the mainland United States, Popular provides retail, mortgage and commercial banking services through its New York-chartered banking subsidiary, Popular Bank, which has branches located in New York, New Jersey, and Florida.
No Description Available
No Description Available
The Bank of Princeton
BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust (the Trust) is a grantor trust. The Royalty Interest is a non-operational interest in minerals. The Royalty Interest is a non-operational interest in minerals. The Royalty Interest represents the right to receive a per barrel royalty (the Per Barrel Royalty) of 16.4246% on the lesser of the first 90,000 barrels of the average actual daily net production of oil and condensate per quarter or the average actual daily net production of oil and condensate per quarter from BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc. (BP Alaska) working interest as of February 28, 1989 in the Prudhoe Bay field, located on the North Slope of Alaska. The Prudhoe Bay field is one of four contiguous North Slope oil fields that are operated by BP Alaska and are known collectively as the Prudhoe Bay Unit. Standard Oil and BP Alaska are indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of BP p.l.c. (BP).
Bio-Path is a biotechnology company developing DNAbilize??, a novel technology that has yielded a pipeline of RNAi nanoparticle drugs that can be administered with a simple intravenous infusion. Bio-Path?€?s lead product candidate, prexigebersen (BP1001, targeting the Grb2 protein), is in a Phase 2 study for blood cancers and prexigebersen-A, a drug product modification of prexigebersen, is under consideration by the FDA to commence Phase 1 studies in solid tumors. This is followed by BP1002, targeting the Bcl-2 protein, where it is being evaluated in lymphoma clinical studies.
Brookfield Property Partners, through Brookfield Property Partners L.P. and its subsidiary Brookfield Property REIT Inc., is one of the world?€?s premier real estate companies, with approximately $88 billion in total assets. We own and operate iconic properties in the world?€?s major markets, and our global portfolio includes office, retail, multifamily, logistics, hospitality, self-storage, triple net lease, manufactured housing and student housing. Brookfield Property Partners is the flagship listed real estate company of Brookfield Asset Management Inc., a leading global alternative asset manager with approximately $575 billion in assets under management.
Brookfield Property Partners L.P. 5.75 PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Cls A Ser 3

Brookfield Property Partners LP 650 Class A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units
Brookfield Property REIT Inc. (?€?BPYU?€?) is a subsidiary of Brookfield Property Partners L.P., (NASDAQ: BPY; TSX: BPY.UN) (?€?BPY?€?) one of the world?€?s premier real estate companies, with approximately $88 billion in total assets. BPYU was created as a public security that is intended to offer economic equivalence to an investment in BPY in the form of a??U.S.??REIT stock. Brookfield Property Partners are leading owners, operators and investors in commercial real estate, with a diversified portfolio of premier office and retail assets, as well as interests in multifamily, triple net lease, logistics, hospitality, self-storage, student housing and manufactured housing assets.
Brookfield Property REIT Inc. 6.375% Series A Preferred Stock
Boqii Holding Limited is China's largest pet-focused platform We are the leading online destination for pet products and supplies in China with our broad selection of high-quality products including global leading brands, local emerging brands, and our own private label, Yoken and Mocare, offered at competitive prices. Our online sales platforms, including Boqii Mall and our flagship stores on third-party e-commerce platforms, provide customers with convenient access to a wide selection of high-quality pet products and an engaging and personalized shopping experience. Our Boqii Community provides an informative and interactive content platform for users to share their knowledge and love for pets.
Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., a U.S $4 billion global Fintech leader, is a leading provider of investor communications and technology-driven solutions to banks, broker-dealers, asset and wealth managers and corporate issuers. Broadridge's infrastructure underpins proxy voting services for over 50 percent of public companies and mutual funds globally, and processes on average more than U.S. $8 trillion in fixed income and equity securities trades per day. Broadridge is part of the S&P 500?? Index and employs over 12,000 associates in 17 countries.
Blue River Bncshs Inc
BellRing Brands, Inc. is a rapidly growing leader in the global convenient nutrition category. Its primary brands, Premier Protein ??, Dymatize ?? and PowerBar ??, appeal to a broad range of consumers across all major product forms, including ready-to-drink protein shakes, powders and nutrition bars, and are distributed across a diverse network of channels including club, food, drug, mass, eCommerce, specialty and convenience. BellRing?€?s commitment to consumers is to strive to make highly effective products that deliver best-in-class nutritionals and superior taste.
No Description Available
Brady Corporation (Brady) is an international manufacturer of identification solutions and specialty materials that identify and protect premises, products and people. Brady provides customers with a range of customized and diverse products for use in various applications. The Company is organized and managed on a geographic basis within three regions: Americas, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific, which are the segments. Across these regions, the Company operates three primary business platforms: Identification Solutions (ID Solutions), Direct Marketing and Die-Cut. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2012 (fiscal 2012), the Company's revenue included Americas 45%, EMEA 29% and Asia-Pacific 26% respectively. During fiscal 2012, the Company's ID Solutions generated 56%, Direct Marketing 27% and Die-Cut 17% of revenue. In December 2012, Water Street Healthcare Partners sold Precision Dynamics Corporation (PDC) to the Company.
BRF S.A., together with its subsidiaries, focuses on raising, producing, and slaughtering poultry, pork, and beef in Brazil. It operates in three segments: Domestic Market (Brazil), Foreign Market (International), and Food Service. The company is also involved in processing and selling fresh meat, processed products, pasta, sauce, mayonnaise, frozen vegetables, and soybean by-products. Its product portfolio includes whole chickens and cuts of chicken, turkey, and pork; ham products, bologna, sausages, frankfurters, and other smoked products; hamburgers, breaded meat products, and meatballs; lasagnas, pizzas, cheese breads, pies, and frozen vegetables; margarine, sauces, and mayonnaise; and soy meal and refined soy flour, and animal feed. The company primarily sells its products under the Sadia, Perdig??o, and Qualy brands, as well as Deline, Hot Pocket, Solt??ssimo, Prezato, Sadilar, Miss Daisy, Chester, Ouro, Na Brasa, Meu Menu, Sanduba, Mini Chicken, Cotoch??s, Perdix, Borella, Hilal, Unef, Confidence, Paty, and Danica brands through its distribution centers to supermarkets, retail stores, wholesalers, restaurants, and other institutional customers. BRF S.A. exports its products to the Middle East, Africa, Europe, Eurasia, Asia, and the Americas. The company was formerly known as BRF-Brasil Foods S.A. and changed its name to BRF S.A. in April 2013. BRF S.A. was founded in 1900 and is headquartered in Itajai, Brazil.
Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc. (NYSE American: BRG) is a real estate investment trust that focuses on developing and acquiring a diversified portfolio of institutional-quality highly amenitized live/work/play apartment communities in demographically attractive knowledge economy growth markets to appeal to the renter by choice. The Company's objective is to generate value through off-market/relationship-based transactions and, at the asset level, through value-add improvements to properties and to operations. The Company is included in the Russell 2000 and Russell 3000 Indexes. BRG has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (REIT) for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Bluerock Residential Growth REIT Inc. 8.250% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ($0.01 par value per share)
Bluerock Residential Growth REIT Inc. 7.625% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Bluerock Residential Growth REIT Inc. 7.125% Series D Cumulative Preferred Stock ($0.01 par value per share)
Bridgford Foods Corporation (Bridgford) is engaged in the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of range of frozen, refrigerated, and snack food products throughout the United States. The Company operates in two business segments: the processing and distribution of frozen products and the processing and distribution of refrigerated and snack food products. The Company manufactures and distributes an array of food products, including biscuits, bread dough items, roll dough items, dry sausage products, beef jerky, and a variety of sandwiches and sliced luncheon meats. The products it purchases for resale include a variety of cheeses, salads, party dips, Mexican foods, nuts, and other food products.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire) is a holding company owning subsidiaries engaged in a number of diverse business activities. The Company is engaged in the insurance businesses conducted on both a primary basis and a reinsurance basis, a freight rail transportation business and a group of utility, and energy generation and distribution businesses. Berkshire also owns and operates a number of other businesses engaged in a variety of activities. In October 2012, HomeServices acquired a 66.7% interest in the residential real estate brokerage franchise network in the United States. The Company's insurance underwriting operations are consisted of the sub-groups, including GEICO and its subsidiaries, General Re and its subsidiaries, Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group and Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group. In May 2013, Berkshire acquired the remaining 20% stake in IMC International Metalworking Companies BV.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire) is a holding company owning subsidiaries engaged in a number of diverse business activities. The Company is engaged in the insurance businesses conducted on both a primary basis and a reinsurance basis, a freight rail transportation business and a group of utility, and energy generation and distribution businesses. Berkshire also owns and operates a number of other businesses engaged in a variety of activities. In October 2012, HomeServices acquired a 66.7% interest in the residential real estate brokerage franchise network in the United States. The Company's insurance underwriting operations are consisted of the sub-groups, including GEICO and its subsidiaries, General Re and its subsidiaries, Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group and Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group. In May 2013, Berkshire acquired the remaining 20% stake in IMC International Metalworking Companies BV.
Brookline Bancorp, Inc. operates as a multi-bank holding company for Brookline Bank (the Bank) and its subsidiaries; Bank Rhode Island (BankRI) and its subsidiaries; First Ipswich Bank (First Ipswich) and its subsidiaries, and Brookline Securities Corp. The Bank is a Massachusetts-chartered savings bank. The Bank, which includes its wholly owned subsidiaries, BBS Investment Corp. and Longwood Securities Corp., and its 84.8% owned subsidiary, Eastern Funding LLC, operated 22 full-service banking offices in Brookline, Massachusetts and the greater Boston metropolitan area, as of December 31, 2012. As of December 31, 2012, the Company, through its Banks, operated 46 full-service banking offices in greater Boston, Massachusetts and greater Providence, Rhode Island. The Company also provides specialty equipment financing through its subsidiaries Eastern Funding.
Bruker is enabling scientists to make breakthrough discoveries and develop new applications that improve the quality of human life. Bruker?€?s high-performance scientific instruments and high-value analytical and diagnostic solutions enable scientists to explore life and materials at molecular, cellular and microscopic levels. In close cooperation with our customers, Bruker is enabling innovation, improved productivity and customer success in life science molecular research, in applied and pharma applications, in microscopy and nanoanalysis, and in industrial applications, as well as in cell biology, preclinical imaging, clinical phenomics and proteomics research and clinical microbiology.
Brooks is a leading provider of life science sample-based solutions and semiconductor manufacturing solutions worldwide. The Company's Life Sciences business provides a full suite of reliable cold-chain sample management solutions and genomic services across areas such as drug development, clinical research and advanced cell therapies for the industry's top pharmaceutical, biotech, academic and healthcare institutions globally. Brooks Life Sciences' GENEWIZ division is a leading provider of DNA gene sequencing and gene synthesis services. With over 40 years as a partner to the semiconductor manufacturing industry, Brooks is a provider of industry-leading precision vacuum robotics, integrated automation systems and contamination control solutions to the world's leading semiconductor chip makers and equipment manufacturers. Brooks is headquartered in Chelmsford, MA, with operations in North America, Europe and Asia.
Brilliant Acquisition Corp
Brilliant Acquisition Corp Rt
Brilliant Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Ord & 1 Rt & 1 Wt
Brilliant Acquisition Corp Wt
Broadmark Realty Capital Inc
Broadmark Realty Capital Inc Wt Exp 11152024
Barnwell Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries (?€?Barnwell?€? or the ?€?Company?€?) are principally engaged in oil and natural gas exploration, development, production and sales in Canada; investing in leasehold interests in real estate in Hawaii; and well drilling services and water pumping system installation and repairs in Hawaii.
Brown & Brown, Inc. is a leading insurance brokerage firm, providing risk management solutions to individuals and businesses. With more than 80 years of proven success and thousands of teammates, we offer knowledge you can trust and strive to deliver superior customer service.
Brooge Energy conducts all of its business and operations through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Brooge Petroleum and Gas Investment Company FZE (?€?BPGIC?€?) and Brooge Petroleum and Gas Investment Company Phase III FZE (?€?BPGIC III?€?), Fujairah Free Zone Entities. Brooge Energy is a midstream oil storage and service provider strategically located outside the Strait of Hormuz adjacent to the Port of Fujairah in the United Arab Emirates. Its oil storage business differentiates itself from competitors by providing customers with fast order processing times, excellent customer service and high accuracy blending services with low oil losses.
Twelve Seas Investment Company - Warrants (21/06/2023)
BROOKFIELD RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES INC. (Foreign)
Big Rock Partners Acquisition Corp
Big Rock partners Acquisition Corp - Tradeable Rights - Dec 2017
Big Rock partners Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord & 1 War)
Big Rock partners Acquisition Corp - Warrants (01/12/2022)
Borqs Technologies is a global leader in software and products for the IoT, providing customizable, differentiated and scalable Android-based smart connected devices and cloud service solutions. Borqs has achieved leadership and customer recognition as an innovative end-to-end IoT solutions provider leveraging its strategic chipset partner relationships as well as its broad software and IP portfolio. Borqs?€? unique strengths include its Android and Android Wear Licenses which enabled the Company to develop a software IP library covering chipset software, Android enhancements, domain specific usage and system performance optimization, suitable for large and low volume customized products. The Company is also currently in development of 5G products for phones and hotspots.
BRT Realty Trust (the Trust) originates and holds for investment senior mortgage loans secured by commercial and multi-family real estate property in the United States. The loans it originates are short term or bridge loans with a duration ranging from six months to one year. It lends at a floating rate of interest based on a spread over the prime rate and receives an origination fee for the loans it originates. It conducts its operations to qualify as a real estate investment trust (REIT), for federal income tax purposes. As of September 30, 2010, it had 12 senior loans outstanding, secured by properties located in six states, of which 70% were secured by properties located in the New York metropolitan area. As of September 30, 2010, its outstanding loans had an aggregate principal balance of $57.7 million and an average contractual interest rate of 9.5%.
Brixmor is a real estate investment trust (REIT) that owns and operates a high-quality, national portfolio of open-air shopping centers. Its 398 retail centers comprise approximately 70 million square feet of prime retail space in established trade areas. The Company strives to own and operate shopping centers that reflect Brixmor's vision "to be the center of the communities we serve" and are home to a diverse mix of thriving national, regional and local retailers. Brixmor is a proud real estate partner to approximately 5,000 retailers including The TJX Companies, The Kroger Co., Publix Super Markets, Wal-Mart, Ross Stores and L.A. Fitness.
Berry Petroleum is a publicly-traded, California-based independent upstream energy company engaged primarily in the development and production of onshore conventional oil reserves located in the western United States.
BrightSphere Investment Group plc 5.125% Notes due 2031
Banco Santander Chile is the largest Bank in Chile in terms of loans. As of June 30, 2020, we had total assets of Ch$61,026,743 million (U.S.$74,296 million), outstanding loans net of allowances for loan losses of Ch$34,300,657 million (U.S.$41,759 million), total deposits of Ch$26,556,405 million (U.S.$ 32,331 million) and equity of Ch$3,694,818 million (U.S.$4,498 million). Our long-term credit risk rating were A1 by Moody's, A Fitch and A Standard & Poor's and A+ from JCR. 1 Market information is only available through May 2020. Source CMF.
Bogota Financial Corp. Common Stock
Banco Santander Brasil SA (the Bank) is a Brazil-based bank. The Bank operates as a multiple service bank through three business segments: Commercial Bank, Global Wholesale Bank and Asset Management and Insurance. The Commercial Banking segment encompasses the entire commercial banking business (except for the Corporate Banking business managed globally using the Global Relationship Model). The Asset Management and Insurance segment includes the contribution to the Bank arising from the design and management of the investment fund, pension and insurance businesses of the various units. The Global Wholesale Banking segment reflects the returns on the Global Corporate Banking business, those on Investment Banking and Markets around the world. It offers a range of individual and corporate banking services, such as savings accounts, credit operations, financing, leasing, mortgage and automobile lending, investment services, life and property insurance policies, among others.
Bassett Furniture Industries, Inc., is a leading manufacturer and marketer of high quality home furnishings. With 98 company- and licensee-owned stores at the time of this release, Bassett has leveraged its strong brand name in furniture into a network of corporate and licensed stores that focus on providing consumers with a friendly environment for buying furniture and accessories. Bassett?€?s retail strategy includes stylish, custom-built furniture that features the latest on-trend furniture styles, free in-home design visits, and coordinated decorating accessories. Bassett also has a traditional wholesale business with more than 700 accounts on the open market, across the United States and internationally and a logistics business specializing in home furnishings.
BioSig Technologies is a medical technology company commercializing a proprietary biomedical signal processing platform designed to??improve signal fidelity and uncover the full range of ECG and intra-cardiac signals??( www.biosig.com ). The Company?€?s first product,??PURE EP (tm) System??is a computerized system intended for acquiring, digitizing, amplifying, filtering, measuring and calculating, displaying, recording and storing of electrocardiographic and intracardiac signals for patients undergoing electrophysiology (EP) procedures in an EP laboratory.
BrightSphere Investment Group plc
Black Stone Minerals is one of the largest owners of oil and natural gas mineral interests in the United States. The Company owns mineral interests and royalty interests in 41 states in the continental United States. Black Stone believes its large, diversified asset base and long-lived, non-cost-bearing mineral and royalty interests provide for stable to growing production and reserves over time, allowing the majority of generated cash flow to be distributed to unitholders.
BSML INC
Business Motivation Inc Unfied
FILENES BASEMENT CORP
Santander Mexico Financial Group SAB de CV, formerly Grupo Financiero Santander SAB de CV, is a Mexico-based financial institution. The Company is primarily engaged, through its subsidiaries, in the provision of multiple banking services, securities brokerage, financial advice services, as well as other related investment activities. The Company offers its services to both, individual and corporate clients. The Company owns such fully consolidated subsidiaries as Banco Santander (Mexico) SA, Casa de Bolsa Santander SA de CV, Gestion Santander SA de CV, among others. In Decmber, 2013, the Company concluded the sale of Gestion Santander SA de CV's shares, as a result of the agreement reached with its parent company, Banco Santander SA.

Broadstone Acquisition Corp
Broadstone Acquisition Corp - Warrants(15/09/2028)
BSQUARE Corporation (BSQUARE), is a provider of software solutions and related engineering services to companies that develop smart, connected devices. A smart, connected device is a computing device that has a display, runs an operating system (example, Microsoft Windows Embedded Compact) and may be connected to a network via a wired or wireless connection. The software BSQUARE delivers to its customers as part of its software solutions takes three forms: proprietary software products, third-party software products and custom software delivered through its engineering services team. The Company focuses on smart devices that utilize embedded versions of the Microsoft Windows family of operating systems, Windows Embedded Compact, Windows Embedded Standard 7 and 8, Windows Mobile, Windows Phone 8 and Windows Embedded 8 Handheld as well as devices running other operating systems such as Android, Linux, and QNX.
Sierra Bancorp is the holding company for Bank of the Sierra ( www.bankofthesierra.com ), which is in its 43 rd year of operations and is the largest independent bank headquartered in the South San Joaquin Valley. Bank of the Sierra is a community-centric regional bank, which offers a broad range of retail and commercial banking services through full-service branches located within the counties of Tulare, Kern, Kings, Fresno, Los Angeles, Ventura, San Luis Obispo, and Santa Barbara. The Bank also maintains an online branch and provides specialized lending services through an agricultural credit center, an SBA center, and a dedicated loan production office in Rocklin, California. In 2020, Bank of the Sierra was recognized as one of the strongest and top-performing community banks in the country, with a 5-star rating from Bauer Financial.
BioSpecifics Technologies Corp. is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company discovered and developed a proprietary form of injectable collagenase ("CCH"), which is currently marketed by Endo, as XIAFLEX?? in North America for the treatment of Dupuytren's contracture and Peyronie's disease. Endo announced that it received FDA approval of CCH for the treatment of moderate to severe cellulite in the buttocks of adult women; Qwo??? is expected to be available commercially in the U.S. starting in spring 2021. The CCH research and development pipeline includes several additional potential indications including adhesive capsulitis and plantar fibromatosis. In October 2020, BioSpecifics entered into a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which Endo International plc, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, will acquire the Company. The transaction is expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2020.
BlackRock Science and Technology Trust II of Beneficial Interest
We are Bank7 Corp., a bank holding company headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Bank7, we operate nine full-service branches in Oklahoma, the Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas metropolitan area, and Kansas. We are focused on serving business owners and entrepreneurs by delivering fast, consistent and well-designed loan and deposit products to meet their financing needs. We intend to grow organically by selectively opening additional branches in our target markets as well as pursue strategic acquisitions.
Boston Scientific transforms lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients around the world. As a global medical technology leader for 40 years, we advance science for life by providing a broad range of high performance solutions that address unmet patient needs and reduce the cost of healthcare.

Bentley Systems Inc - Class B
BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on drug development that utilizes artificial intelligence to identify improved therapies in neuroscience and immuno-oncology. BTI's drug re-innovation approach leverages existing approved drugs and/or clinically validated product candidates together with big data and proprietary machine learning algorithms to identify new therapeutic indices. BTI's two most advanced clinical development programs are BXCL501, an investigational, proprietary, orally dissolving thin film formulation of dexmedetomidine for the treatment of agitation and opioid withdrawal symptoms, and BXCL701, an investigational, orally administered, systemic innate immunity activator in development for the treatment of aggressive forms of prostate cancer and advanced solid tumors that are refractory or treatment na??ve to checkpoint inhibitors.

Burgundy Technology Acquisition Corp
Burgundy Technology Acquisition Corp - Warrants (01/01/9999)
Golden Bull Ltd - Ordinary Shares
Baytex Energy Corp., an oil and gas company, engages in the acquisition, development, exploitation, and production of oil and natural gas in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin and the United States. The company offers heavy oil, light oil, condensate, and natural gas liquids. As of December 31, 2014, it had proved reserves of 283 million barrels of oil equivalent (mmboe); and proved plus probable reserves of 432 mmboe. The company was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.
B2Gold is a low-cost international senior gold producer headquartered in Vancouver, Canada. Founded in 2007, today, B2Gold has operating gold mines in Mali, Namibia and the Philippines, and numerous exploration and development projects in various countries including Mali and Colombia. In 2020, B2Gold forecasts consolidated gold production of between 1,000,000 and 1,055,000 ounces.
British American Tobacco p.l.c. manufactures and sells tobacco products. It provides cigarettes, roll-your-own tobacco, cigars, and snus, as well as other nicotine products, and electronic cigarettes. The company offers its products under the Dunhill, Kent, Rothmans, Lucky Strike, Pall Mall, State Express 555, Vogue, Viceroy, Kool, Peter Stuyvesant, Craven A, Benson & Hedges, and John Player Gold Leaf brands. British American Tobacco p.l.c. sells its products in the Asia-Pacific, the Americas, Eastern and Western Europe, Africa, and the Middle East. The company was founded in 1902 and is based in London, the United Kingdom.
Ballantyne Strong ( www.ballantynestrong.com ) and its subsidiaries engage in diverse business activities including the design, integration and installation of technology solutions for a broad range of applications; development and delivery of out-of-home messaging, advertising and communications; manufacturing of projection screens; and providing managed services including monitoring of networked equipment. The Company focuses on serving the entertainment and retail markets.
Peabody Energy Corporation (Peabody) is a private-sector coal company. The Company owns interests in 28 active coal mining operations located in the United States and Australia. The Company has a majority interest in 27 of those coal operations and a 50% equity interests in the Middlemount Mine in Australia. The Company also owns a noncontrolling interest in a mining operation in Venezuela. In addition to the Company's mining operations, the Company markets and broker coals from its operations and other coal producers, both as principal and agent, and trade coal and freight-related contracts through trading and business offices. The Company conducts business through four principal segments: Western United States. Mining, Midwestern U.S. Mining, Australian Mining and Trading and Brokerage. The Company's fifth segment, Corporate and Other, includes mining and export/transportation joint ventures, activities associated with certain energy-related commercial matters, Btu Conversion.
Bridgetown Holdings Ltd - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/2 War)
Anheuser-Busch InBev is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven, Belgium, with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange. Our Dream is to bring people together for a better world. Beer, the original social network, has been bringing people together for thousands of years. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest natural ingredients. Our diverse portfolio of well over 500 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser??, Corona?? and Stella Artois??; multi-country brands Beck's??, Hoegaarden??, Leffe?? and Michelob Ultra??; and local champions such as Aguila??, Antarctica??, Bud Light??, Brahma??, Cass??, Castle??, Castle Lite??, Cristal??, Harbin??, Jupiler??, Modelo Especial??, Quilmes??, Victoria??, Sedrin??, and Skol??. Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years, spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven, Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis, US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia, the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets, we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 170,000 employees based in nearly 50 countries worldwide. For 2019, AB InBev's reported revenue was 52.3 billion USD (excluding JVs and associates). About PepsiCo PepsiCo products are enjoyed by consumers more than one billion times a day in more than 200 countries and territories around the world. PepsiCo generated more than $67 billion in net revenue in 2019, driven by a complementary food and beverage portfolio that includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. PepsiCo's product portfolio includes a wide range of enjoyable foods and beverages, including 23 brands that generate more than $1 billion each in estimated annual retail sales. Guiding PepsiCo is our vision to Be the Global Leader in Convenient Foods and Beverages by Winning with Purpose. "Winning with Purpose" reflects our ambition to win sustainably in the marketplace and embed purpose into all aspects of the business.
DELISTED - No Description Available
Burlington Stores, Inc., headquartered in New Jersey, is a nationally recognized off-price retailer with Fiscal 2019 net sales of $7.3 billion. The Company is a Fortune 500 company and its common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol ?€?BURL.?€? The Company operated 739 stores (which included 11 temporarily closed stores) as of the end of the second quarter of Fiscal 2020, in 45 states and Puerto Rico, principally under the name Burlington Stores. The Company?€?s stores offer an extensive selection of in-season, fashion-focused merchandise at up to 60% off other retailers' prices, including women?€?s ready-to-wear apparel, menswear, youth apparel, baby, beauty, footwear, accessories, home, toys, gifts and coats.
First Busey Corporation operates as the bank holding company for Busey Bank that provides retail and commercial banking products and services to individual, corporate, institutional, and governmental customers in the United States. Its deposit products include noninterest-bearing demand, interest-bearing demand, savings, money market, and time deposits. The company??s loan products comprise commercial, agricultural, commercial real estate, residential real estate, and consumer loans, as well as home equity lines of credit. It also offers money transfer, safe deposit, IRA, Keogh and other fiduciary, ATM, and Internet and mobile banking services. In addition, the company provides investment management, trust, and estate advisory services, as well as financial planning services for individuals; investment management, business succession planning, and employee retirement planning services for businesses; investment management, investment strategy consulting, and fiduciary services for foundations; and brokerage related services. Further, it offers pay processing solutions, including walk-in payment processing for payments delivered by customers to retail pay agents; online bill payment solutions for payments made by customers on a billing company??s Website; customer service payments for payments accepted over the telephone; direct debit services; electronic concentration of payments delivered by the automated clearing house network; money management software and credit card networks; and lockbox remittance processing of payments delivered by mail. The company has 28 locations in Illinois; 7 in southwest Florida; and 1 in Indianapolis, Indiana. First Busey Corporation was founded in 1868 and is headquartered in Champaign, Illinois.
BrightView is the largest provider of commercial landscaping services in the United States. Through its team of approximately 21,500 employees, BrightView provides services ranging from landscape maintenance and enhancements to tree care and landscape development for thousands of customers?€? properties, including corporate and commercial properties, HOAs, public parks, hotels and resorts, hospitals and other healthcare facilities, educational institutions, restaurants and retail, and golf courses, among others. BrightView is the Official Field Consultant to Major League Baseball.
BBX Capital, Inc. (formerly a subsidiary of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation) (OTC: BBXIA; BBXIB) is a Florida-based diversified holding company whose principal investments include BBX Capital Real Estate, BBX Sweet Holdings and Renin.
Compania de Minas Buenaventura SAA (Buenaventura) is a Peru-based mining company engaged in the exploration, mining, smelting and commercialization of gold and silver, as well as other metals and minerals. The Company operates directly seven Peruvian mining units located in Uchucchacua, Orcopampa, Poracota, Julcani, Recuperada, Antapite and Ishihuinca; as well as indirectly the mines of Shila-Paula, La Zanja and Colquijirca. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is also involved in the generation and distribution of electric power, as well as in the provision of engineering and chemical processing services. As of December 31, 2011, the Company owned such subsidiaries as Compania Minera Colquirrumi SA, Compania Minera Condesa SA, Empresa de Generacion Huanza SA, Buenaventura Ingenieros SA and Procesadora Industrial Rio Seco SA, among others.
BiondVax is a biopharmaceutical company that has been developing M-001, a novel flu vaccine candidate. The vaccine candidate was designed to provide multi-strain and multi-season protection against current and future, seasonal and pandemic influenza. An NIH/NIAID Phase 2 study completed in 2020 showed a significant increase in polyfunctional CD4+ cells in the M-001 group. In a total of seven previously completed Phase 1/2 and Phase 2 clinical trials, the M-001 vaccine candidate was well-tolerated and immunogenic.
Headquartered in Akron, Ohio, Babcock & Wilcox is a global leader in energy and environmental technologies and services for the power and industrial markets.
BorgWarner Inc. is a global product leader in clean and efficient technology solutions for combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles. Building on its original equipment expertise, BorgWarner also brings market leading product and service solutions to the global aftermarket. With manufacturing and technical facilities in 99 locations in 24 countries, the company employs approximately 48,000 worldwide.
Better World Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord & 1/2 War)
BWAY HOLDING CO
Bridgewater Bancshares, Inc. is the holding company for Bridgewater Bank, a full-service commercial bank formed in 2005 to serve the diverse needs of commercial real estate investors, small business entrepreneurs and high-net-worth individuals. Bridgewater Bank has seven locations serving clients across the Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington metropolitan statistical area in Minnesota and offers a full array of simple, quality loan and deposit products, primarily for commercial clients. As of June 30, 2019, Bridgewater had total assets of approximately $2.12 billion, total loans of approximately $1.78 billion, total deposits of approximately $1.70 billion and total shareholders?€? equity of approximately $229.1 million.
Broadwind Energy is a precision manufacturer of structures, equipment and components for clean tech and other specialized applications. From gears and gearing systems for wind, oil and gas and mining applications, to wind towers and industrial weldments, we have solutions for the clean tech, energy and infrastructure needs of the future. With facilities throughout the U.S., Broadwind Energy's talented team is committed to helping customers maximize performance of their investments?€?quicker, easier and smarter.
No Description Available
Bowl America Incorporated is engaged in the entertainment business. Its source of revenue consists of fees charged for the use of bowling lanes and other facilities and from the sale of food and beverages for consumption on the premises. Merchandise sales, including food and beverages, were approximately 30% of operating revenues. The balance of operating revenues (approximately 70%) represents fees for bowling and related services. During the fiscal year ended July, 1 2012 (fiscal 2012), the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries operated 19 bowling centers. As of September 1, 2012 the Company and its subsidiaries operated 10 bowling centers in the greater metropolitan area of Washington, D.C., one bowling center in the metropolitan area of Baltimore, Maryland, one bowling center in Orlando, Florida, three bowling centers in the metropolitan area of Jacksonville, Florida, and four bowling centers in the metropolitan area of Richmond, Virginia.
Betterware de Mexico SA de CV
BWX Technologies, Inc. engages in government, commercial nuclear, and technical services businesses. The company operates in three segments: Nuclear Operations Group, Technical Services Group, and Nuclear Energy. The Nuclear Operations Group segment designs and manufactures critical components and nuclear fuel for the United States naval fleet; and delivers technologies for application in the nuclear industry. The Technical Services Group segment manages and operates government-owned and related facilities for defense programs, nuclear non-proliferation, and advanced technology development. This segment also engages in the decommissioning, decontamination, and clean-up of legacy radiological and hazardous waste. The Nuclear Energy segment designs and fabricates components and systems for commercial nuclear power industry; provides related maintenance services to plants; and focuses on commercial nuclear power technologies. The company was formerly known as The Babcock & Wilcox Company and changed its name to BWX Technologies, Inc. in June 2015. BWX Technologies, Inc. was founded in 1867 and is headquartered in Lynchburg, Virginia.
Blackstone is one of the world?€?s leading investment firms. We seek to create positive economic impact and long-term value for our investors, the companies we invest in, and the communities in which we work. We do this by using extraordinary people and flexible capital to help companies solve problems. Our $584 billion in assets under management include investment vehicles focused on private equity, real estate, public debt and equity, life sciences, growth equity, opportunistic, non-investment grade credit, real assets and secondary funds, all on a global basis.
BlueLinx is a leading wholesale distributor of building and industrial products in the United States with over 50,000 branded and private-label SKUs, and a broad distribution footprint servicing 40 states. BlueLinx has a differentiated distribution platform, value-driven business model and extensive cache of products across the building products industry. Headquartered in Marietta, Georgia, BlueLinx has approximately 2,000 associates and distributes its comprehensive range of structural and specialty products to approximately 15,000 national, regional, and local dealers, as well as specialty distributors, national home centers, industrial, and manufactured housing customers.
Bluegreen Vacations Corporation, founded in 1966 and headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida, is a leading vacation ownership company that markets and sells vacation ownership interests (VOIs) and manages resorts in top leisure and urban destinations. The Bluegreen Vacation Club is a flexible, points-based, deeded vacation ownership plan with approximately 211,000 owners, 67 Club and Club Associate Resorts and access to more than 11,000 other hotels and resorts through partnerships and exchange networks. Bluegreen Vacations also offers a portfolio of comprehensive, fee-based resort management, financial, and sales and marketing services, to or on behalf of third parties. Bluegreen is 90% owned by BBX Capital Corporation. For further information, visit www.BluegreenVacations.com.
Blackstone Mortgage Trust is a real estate finance company that originates senior loans collateralized by commercial real estate in North America, Europe, and Australia. Our investment objective is to preserve and protect shareholder capital while producing attractive risk-adjusted returns primarily through dividends generated from current income from our loan portfolio. Our portfolio is composed of loans secured by high-quality, institutional assets in major markets, sponsored by experienced, well-capitalized real estate investment owners and operators. These senior loans are capitalized by accessing a variety of financing options, depending on our view of the most prudent strategy available for each of our investments. We are externally managed by BXMT Advisors L.L.C., a subsidiary of Blackstone.
Boston Properties is the largest publicly-held developer and owner of Class A office properties in the United States, concentrated in five markets - Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco and Washington, DC. The Company is a fully integrated real estate company, organized as a real estate investment trust (REIT), that develops, manages, operates, acquires and owns a diverse portfolio of primarily Class A office space. The Company?€?s portfolio totals 51.2 million square feet and 195 properties, including nine properties under construction/redevelopment.
Boston Properties Inc. Depositary Shares each representing 1/100th of a share of the Issuer's 5.25% Sockeries B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred St
Baudax Bio is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on therapeutics for acute care settings. The Company?€?s first commercial product, ANJESO???, had its New Drug Application approved by FDA on February 20, 2020 for the management of moderate to severe pain, alone or in combination with other non-NSAID analgesics. ANJESO is a once daily IV NSAID with preferential Cox-2 activity, which has successfully completed three Phase III clinical trials, including two pivotal efficacy trials, a large double-blind Phase III safety trial and other studies for the management of moderate to severe pain. As a non-opioid, IV meloxicam has the potential to overcome many of the issues associated with commonly prescribed opioid therapeutics, including respiratory depression, constipation, excessive nausea and vomiting, as well as having no addictive potential while maintaining meaningful analgesic effects for relief of pain.
BancorpSouth Bank is headquartered in Tupelo, Mississippi, with approximately $24 billion in assets. BancorpSouth operates approximately 310 full-service branch locations as well as additional mortgage, insurance, and loan production offices in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee and Texas, including an insurance location in Illinois. BancorpSouth is committed to a culture of respect, diversity, and inclusion in both its workplace and communities.
Headquartered in Chicago, Byline Bancorp, Inc. is the parent company for Byline Bank, a full service commercial bank serving small- and medium-sized businesses, financial sponsors, and consumers. Byline Bank has approximately $6.4 billion in assets and operates more than 50 full service branch locations throughout the Chicago and Milwaukee metropolitan areas. Byline Bank offers a broad range of commercial and retail banking products and services including small ticket equipment leasing solutions and is one of the top five Small Business Administration lenders in the United States.
Founded in 1975, Boyd Gaming Corporation is a leading geographically diversified operator of 29 gaming entertainment properties in 10 states. The Company is also a strategic partner and 5% equity owner of FanDuel Group, the nation's leading sports-betting and iGaming operator. With one of the most experienced leadership teams in the casino industry, Boyd Gaming prides itself on offering its guests an outstanding entertainment experience, delivered with unwavering attention to customer service.
Broadway conducts its operations through its wholly owned subsidiary, Broadway Federal Bank, which is the leading community-oriented savings bank in Southern California serving low-to-moderate-income communities. Broadway Federal Bank offers a variety of residential and commercial real estate loan products for consumers, businesses and nonprofit organizations, other loan products and a variety of deposit products, including checking, savings and money market accounts, certificates of deposits and retirement accounts. Broadway Federal Bank operates three full-service branches, two in the city of Los Angeles, and one located in the nearby city of Inglewood, California.
"Beyond Meat is one of the fastest growing food companies in the United States, offering a portfolio of revolutionary plant-based meats. We build meat directly from plants, an innovation that enables consumers to experience the taste, texture and other sensory attributes of popular animal-based meat products while enjoying the nutritional benefits of eating our plant-based meat products. Our brand commitment, ?€?Eat What You Love,?€? represents our strong belief that by eating our plant-based meats, consumers can enjoy more, not less, of their favorite meals, and by doing so, help address concerns related to human health, climate change, resource conservation and animal welfare. The success of our breakthrough innovation model and products has allowed us to appeal to a broad range of consumers, including those who typically eat animal-based meats, positioning us to compete directly in the $1.4 trillion global meat industry.
To capture this broad market opportunity, we have developed three core plant-based product platforms that align with the largest meat categories globally: beef, pork and poultry. We create our plant-based products using proprietary scientific processes that determine the architecture of the animal-based meat we are seeking to replicate and then we assemble it using plant-derived amino acids, lipids, trace minerals and water. We are focused on continually improving our products so that they are, to the human sensory system, indistinguishable from their animal-based counterparts.
Our flagship product is The Beyond Burger, the world?€?s first 100% plant-based burger merchandised in the meat case of grocery stores. The Beyond Burger is designed to look, cook and taste like traditional ground beef. Our products are currently available in approximately 30,000 points of distribution primarily in the United States as well as several other countries, across mainstream grocery, mass merchandiser and natural retailer channels, and various food-away-from-home channels, including restaurants, foodservice outlets and schools. We enjoy a strong base of well-known retail and foodservice customers that continues to grow."
BeyondSpring is a global, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of innovative cancer therapies. BeyondSpring?€?s lead asset, plinabulin, a first-in-class agent as an immune and stem cell modulator, is in a Phase 3 global clinical trial as a direct anticancer agent in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and Phase 3 clinical programs in the prevention of CIN. BeyondSpring has strong R&D capabilities with a robust pipeline in addition to plinabulin, including three immuno-oncology assets and a drug discovery platform using the protein degradation pathway, which is being developed in a subsidiary company, Seed Therapeutics, Inc. The Company also has a seasoned management team with many years of experience bringing drugs to the global market. BeyondSpring is headquartered in New York City.
Headquartered in Atlanta, Beazer Homes is one of the country?€?s largest homebuilders. Every Beazer home is designed and built to provide Surprising Performance, giving you more quality and more comfort from the moment you move in - saving you money every month. With Beazer?€?s Choice Plans???, you can personalize your primary living areas - giving you a choice of how you want to live in the home, at no additional cost. And unlike most national homebuilders, we empower our customers to shop and compare loan options. Our Mortgage Choice program gives you the resources to easily compare multiple loan offers and choose the best lender and loan offer for you, saving you thousands over the life of your loan. We build our homes in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Maryland, Nevada, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia.
Baozun is the leader and a pioneer in the brand e-commerce service industry in China. Baozun empowers a broad and diverse range of brands to grow and succeed by leveraging its end-to-end e-commerce service capabilities, omni-channel coverage and technology-driven solutions. Its integrated one-stop solutions address all core aspects of the e-commerce operations covering IT solutions, online store operations, digital marketing, customer services, and warehousing and fulfillment.
Citi is one of the world's largest financial institutions, operating in all major established and emerging markets. Across these world markets, our employees conduct an ongoing multi-disciplinary global conversation - accessing information, analyzing data, developing insights, and formulating advice for our clients. About Citi Global Perspectives & Solutions (Citi GPS) As our premier thought-leadership product, Citi Global Perspectives & Solutions (Citi GPS) is designed to help our clients navigate the global economy's most demanding challenges, identify future themes and trends, and help our clients profit in a fast-changing and interconnected world. Citi GPS accesses the best elements of our global conversation and harvests the thought leadership of our research analysts and a wide range of senior professionals across our firm.
Citigroup Inc. Dep Shs Repstg 1/1000 Pfd Ser J Fixed/Fltg
Citigroup Inc. Dep Shs Repstg 1/1000th Pfd Ser K
Citigroup Capital VIII 7.875% Fixed rate Floating Rate trust Preferred Securities (TruPS)
Citigroup Inc. Depositary Shares Series S
Corporacin America Airports S.A.
Based in Hubei Province, the People's Republic of China, China Automotive Systems, Inc. is a leading supplier of power steering components and systems to the Chinese automotive industry, operating through ten Sino-foreign joint ventures. The Company offers a full range of steering system parts for passenger automobiles and commercial vehicles. The Company currently offers four separate series of power steering with an annual production capacity of over 6 million sets of steering gears, columns and steering hoses. Its customer base is comprised of leading auto manufacturers, such as China FAW Group, Corp., Dongfeng Auto Group Co., Ltd., BYD Auto Company Limited, Beiqi Foton Motor Co., Ltd. and Chery Automobile Co., Ltd. in China, and Chrysler Group LLC and Ford Motor Company in North America.
Cabaletta Bio Inc
Cable One, Inc. is a leading broadband communications provider serving more than 900,000 residential and business customers in 21 states through its Sparklight??? and Clearwave brands. Sparklight provides consumers with a wide array of connectivity and entertainment services, including high-speed internet and advanced Wi-Fi solutions, cable television and phone service. Sparklight Business and Clearwave provide scalable and cost-effective products for businesses ranging in size from small to mid-market, in addition to enterprise, wholesale and carrier customers.
Camden National Corporation is a bank holding company. The Company is a diversified financial services provider. The primary business of the Company and its subsidiaries is to attract deposits from, and to extend loans to, consumer, institutional, municipal, non-profit and commercial customers. The Company makes its commercial and consumer banking products and services available directly and indirectly through its subsidiary, Camden National Bank (the Bank), and its brokerage and insurance services through Camden Financial Consultants (Camden Financial), a division of the Bank. The Company also offers investment management and fiduciary services through its subsidiary, Acadia Trust, N.A. (Acadia Trust). The Company provides managerial, operational, human resource, marketing, financial management, risk management and technology services to its subsidiaries.
Since 1972, Credit Acceptance has offered financing programs that enable automobile dealers to sell vehicles to consumers, regardless of their credit history. Our financing programs are offered through a nationwide network of automobile dealers who benefit from sales of vehicles to consumers who otherwise could not obtain financing; from repeat and referral sales generated by these same customers; and from sales to customers responding to advertisements for our financing programs, but who actually end up qualifying for traditional financing. Without our financing programs, consumers are often unable to purchase vehicles or they purchase unreliable ones. Further, as we report to the three national credit reporting agencies, an important ancillary benefit of our programs is that we provide consumers with an opportunity to improve their lives by improving their credit score and move on to more traditional sources of financing. Credit Acceptance is publicly traded on the Nasdaq stock market under the symbol CACC.
CACI International Inc (CACI), is an simulation technology company. The Company serves clients in the United States federal government and commercial markets, primarily throughout North America and internationally on behalf of United States customers, as well as in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. The Company delivers information solutions and services to its clients. The Company's primary customers are agencies of the United States government. The Company operates two units: domestic operations and international operations. Its services are primarily targeted to the areas of defense, intelligence, homeland security and IT modernization. In July 2011, it acquired Pangia Technologies, LLC. In January 2013, the Company acquired IDL Solutions, Inc. In November 2013, CACI International Inc acquired Six3 Systems, Inc.
CADENCE FINANCIAL CORP
CAE Inc. (CAE) is engaged in providing simulation and modeling technologies and integrated training services primarily to the civil aviation industry and defense forces around the globe. The Company's segments include Civil segments, which includes Training & Services/Civil (TS/C) and Simulation Products/Civil (SP/C), and Military segments, which includes Simulation Products/Military (SP/M) and Training & Services/Military (TS/M). It globally diversified with more than 100 sites and training locations in approximately 30 countries. It has installed base of civil and military flight simulators and a broad global aviation training network. The Company offers civil aviation, military and helicopter training services in more than 45 locations worldwide where it trains approximately 100,000 civil and military crewmembers annually. Its main products include full-flight simulators (FFSs), which replicate aircraft performance in a full array of situations and environmental conditions.
Founded in 1921, Utz Quality Foods, LLC. is the largest family?€?managed, privately held, salty snack company in the United States, producing a full line of products including potato chips, pretzels, cheese snacks, corn chips, tortillas, veggie stix/straws, popcorn, onion rings, pork skins and more. Its brands, which include Utz ??, Golden Flake ??, Zapp's ??, Dirty ?? Potato Chips, Good Health ??, Bachman ??, Bachman Jax ??, Wachusett ??, Snikiddy ??, and Boulder Canyon ??, among others, are distributed nationally and internationally through grocery, mass?€? merchant, club stores, convenience stores, drug stores and other channels. Based in Hanover, Pennsylvania, Utz operates eleven manufacturing facilities located in Pennsylvania, Alabama, Arizona, Indiana, Louisiana and Massachusetts as well as 1500+ DSD routes.
Cardinal Health, Inc. is a global, integrated healthcare services and products company, providing customized solutions for hospitals, healthcare systems, pharmacies, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories and physician offices worldwide. The company enhances supply chain efficiency for clinically proven medical products, pharmaceuticals and cost-effective solutions. To combat prescription drug misuse, the Cardinal Health Foundation and its education partners created Generation Rx, a national drug prevention??education and awareness program. The Foundation actively supports an array of other solutions, including??efforts to reduce??opioid prescribing,??promote??drug take back and safe disposal and expand collaborative community work. Cardinal Health is backed by nearly 100 years of experience with operations in nearly 46 countries.
CAI is one of the world?€?s leading transportation finance companies. As of June 30, 2020, CAI operated a worldwide fleet of approximately 1.7 million CEUs of containers and owned a fleet of 5,276 railcars that it leases within North America. CAI operates through 14 offices located in 12 countries including the United States.
CAI International Inc. 8.50% Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock
CAI International Inc. 8.50% Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock
U.S.A., Inc. Canon U.S.A., Inc., is a leading provider of consumer, business-to-business, and industrial digital imaging solutions to the United States and to Latin America and the Caribbean markets. With approximately $33 billion in global revenue, its parent company, Canon Inc., ranks third overall in U.S. patents granted in 2019 ?€? and is one of Fortune Magazine's World's Most Admired Companies in 2020. Canon U.S.A. is dedicated to its Kyosei philosophy of social and environmental responsibility. To keep apprised of the latest news from Canon U.S.A., sign up for the Company's RSS news feed by visiting www.usa.canon.com/rss and follow us on Twitter @CanonUSA. ?€? Based on weekly patent counts issued by United States Patent and Trademark Office. Availability and specifications are subject to change without notice. All referenced product names, and other marks, are trademarks of their respective owners. SOURCE Canon U.S.A., Inc. Related Links http://www.usa.canon.com
The Cheesecake Factory Incorporated is a leader in experiential dining. We are culinary forward and relentlessly focused on hospitality. Delicious, memorable experiences created by passionate people ?€? this defines who we are and where we are going. We currently own and operate 294 restaurants throughout the United States and Canada under brands including The Cheesecake Factory ??, North Italia ?? and a collection within the Fox Restaurant Concepts subsidiary. Internationally, 26 The Cheesecake Factory ?? restaurants operate under licensing agreements. Our bakery division operates two facilities that produce quality cheesecakes and other baked products for our restaurants, international licensees and third-party bakery customers. In 2020, we were named to the FORTUNE Magazine ?€?100 Best Companies to Work For ?? ?€? list for the seventh consecutive year.
Caleres is a diverse portfolio of global footwear brands. Our products are available virtually everywhere - in the more than 1,100 retail stores we operate, in hundreds of major department and specialty stores, on our branded e-commerce sites, and on many additional third-party retail websites. Famous Footwear offers great casual and athletic brands for the entire family with convenient, curated, affordable collections. Sam Edelman keeps expressive women in step with the latest trends in a playful, whimsical way. Naturalizer shoes are beautiful from the inside out, with elegant simplicity and legendary fit re-imagined for today?€?s consumer. Allen Edmonds combines old world craft with new world technology to create luxe footwear for the discerning man who wants sophisticated, modern classics. Rounding out our family of brands are Vionic, Vince, Franco Sarto, Dr. Scholl?€?s Shoes, LifeStride, Blowfish Malibu, Bzees, Circus by Sam Edelman and Ryka. Combined, these brands make Caleres a company with both a legacy and a mission. Our legacy is our more than 140 years of craftsmanship and our passion for fit, while our mission is to continue to inspire people to feel great?€? feet first.
Calithera Biosciences, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on discovering and developing small molecule drugs directed against tumor metabolism and tumor immunology targets for the treatment of cancer in the United States. Its lead product candidate includes CB-839, an inhibitor of glutaminase, which is in three Phase I clinical trials for the treatment of patients with solid tumors, leukemias, lymphomas, and multiple myeloma. The company has a license agreement with Mars, Inc. to develop and commercialize Symbioscience??s portfolio of arginase inhibitors for use in human healthcare. Calithera Biosciences, Inc. was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in South San Francisco, California.
California Bancorp
Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. is primarily engaged in the production, grading, packing and sale of fresh shell eggs, including conventional, cage-free, organic and nutritionally enhanced eggs. The Company, which is headquartered in Jackson, Mississippi, is the largest producer and distributor of fresh shell eggs in the United States and sells the majority of its shell eggs in states across the southwestern, southeastern, mid-western and mid-Atlantic regions of the United States.
Calliditas Therapeutics AB ADS Sponsored
Calix, Inc. ?€? Innovative communications service providers rely on Calix platforms to help them master and monetize the complex infrastructure between their subscribers and the cloud. Calix is the leading global provider of the cloud and software platforms, systems, and services required to deliver the unified access network and smart premises of tomorrow. Our platforms and services help our customers build next generation networks by embracing a DevOps operating model, optimize the subscriber experience by leveraging big data analytics and turn the complexity of the smart, connected home and business into new revenue streams.
LoJack is a brand of CalAmp and a leader in stolen vehicle recovery and innovative automotive services. CalAmp is a global technology solutions pioneer transforming the mobile connected economy. We help reinvent business and improve lives around the globe with technology solutions that streamline complex mobile IoT deployments and bring intelligence to the edge. Our software and subscription-based services,??scalable cloud platform and??intelligent devices collect and assess business-critical data from mobile assets and their contents. We call this The New How, facilitating efficient decision making, optimizing mobile asset utilization and improving road safety. Headquartered in Irvine, California, CalAmp has been publicly traded since 1983 and has 20 million products installed and over 1.3 million software and services subscribers worldwide. LoJack ??, Tracker ??? and Here Comes The Bus ?? are CalAmp brands.
Camtek is a leading manufacturer of metrology and inspection equipment serving the Advanced Interconnect Packaging, Memory, CMOS Image Sensors, MEMS, RF and other segments of the semiconductor industry. Camtek provides dedicated inspection solutions and crucial yield-enhancement data, enabling manufacturers to improve yield and drive down their production costs. With eight offices around the world, Camtek has best-in-class sales and customer support organization, providing tailor-made solutions in line with customers' requirements.
Canaan Inc
Can-Fite BioPharma Ltd. (NYSE American: CANF) (TASE: CFBI) is an advanced clinical stage drug development Company with a platform technology that is designed to address multi-billion dollar markets in the treatment of cancer, inflammatory disease and COVID-19. The Company's lead drug candidate, Piclidenoson, is currently in Phase III trials for rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis. Piclidenoson has been approved for a pilot clinical trial in Israel to treat COVID-19 infected patients with moderate-to-severe symptoms. Can-Fite's liver drug, Namodenoson, is heading into a Phase III trial for hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), the most common form of liver cancer, and successfully achieved its primary endpoint in a Phase II trial for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). Namodenoson has been granted Orphan Drug Designation in the U.S. and Europe and Fast Track Designation as a second line treatment for HCC by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Namodenoson has also shown proof of concept to potentially treat other cancers including colon, prostate, and melanoma. CF602, the Company's third drug candidate, has shown efficacy in the treatment of erectile dysfunction. These drugs have an excellent safety profile with experience in over 1,500 patients in clinical studies to date.
Cango Inc. American Depositary Shares each representing two (2) Class A
HighCape Capital Acquisition Corp - Class A
HighCape Capital Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3War)
HighCape Capital Acquisition Corp - Warrants (30/09/2027)
CrossAmerica Partners LP is a leading wholesale distributor of motor fuels and owner and lessee of real estate used in the retail distribution of motor fuels. Its general partner, CrossAmerica GP LLC, is indirectly owned and controlled by entities affiliated with Joseph V. Topper, Jr., the founder of CrossAmerica Partners and a member of the board of the general partner since 2012. Formed in 2012, CrossAmerica Partners LP is a distributor of branded and unbranded petroleum for motor vehicles in the United States and distributes fuel to approximately 1,700 locations and owns or leases approximately 1,100 sites. With a geographic footprint covering 34 states, the Partnership has well-established relationships with several major oil brands, including ExxonMobil, BP, Shell, Chevron, Sunoco, Valero, Gulf, Citgo, Marathon and Phillips 66. CrossAmerica Partners LP ranks as one of ExxonMobil?€?s largest distributors by fuel volume in the United States and in the top 10 for additional brands.
Capricor Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of first-in-class cell and exosome-based therapeutics for the treatment and prevention of diseases. Capricor's lead candidate, CAP-1002, is an allogeneic cell therapy that is currently in clinical development for the treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy and the cytokine storm associated with COVID-19. Capricor is also investigating the field of extracellular vesicles and exploring the potential of exosome-based candidates to treat or prevent a variety of disorders. We are now developing two potential vaccines for COVID-19 as part of our exosome platform.
Avis Budget Group, Inc. is a leading global provider of mobility solutions, both through its Avis and Budget brands, which have more than 11,000 rental locations in approximately 180 countries around the world, and through its Zipcar brand, which is the world's leading car sharing network, with more than one million members. Avis Budget Group operates most of its car rental offices in North America, Europe and Australasia directly, and operates primarily through licensees in other parts of the world. Avis Budget Group is headquartered in Parsippany, N.J.
Cara Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing new chemical entities designed to alleviate pruritus by selectively targeting peripheral kappa opioid receptors, or KORs. Cara is developing a novel and proprietary class of product candidates, led by KORSUVA??? (CR845/difelikefalin), a first-in-class KOR agonist that targets the body?€?s peripheral nervous system, as well as certain immune cells. In two Phase 3 trials, KORSUVA Injection has demonstrated statistically significant reductions in itch intensity and concomitant improvement in quality of life measures in hemodialysis patients with moderate-to-severe chronic kidney disease-associated pruritus (CKD-aP). Cara has successfully completed its Phase 2 trial of Oral KORSUVA for the treatment of pruritus in patients with CKD and is currently conducting Phase 2 trials of Oral KORSUVA in atopic dermatitis and primary biliary cholangitis patients with moderate-to-severe pruritus. The FDA has conditionally accepted KORSUVA??? as the trade name for difelikefalin injection. CR845/difelikefalin is an investigational drug product and its safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.
Carter Bank & Trust (the Bank) is a banking company. The Bank conducts commercial banking business in its two-state service area of Virginia and North Carolina. The Company focuses on serving the banking needs of small-to-medium sized businesses, professional concerns and individuals. The Bank owns 100% interest in The Mortgage Company of Virginia, Inc. (MCOV). The Bank also owns a full service insurance agency based in Danville, VA. Bankers Insurance/Carter Bank & Trust has branch locations in Lynchburg and Roanoke. The Bank offers a range of deposit services, including negotiable order of withdrawal (NOW) accounts, savings accounts, retirement accounts and other deposit accounts of various types, ranging from money market accounts to longer-term certificates of deposit.
CarGurus Inc - Ordinary Shares - Class A
Carrier Global Corp
Cars.com is a??leading digital marketplace and solutions provider for the automotive industry that connects car shoppers with sellers. Launched in 1998 with the flagship marketplace site Cars.com and headquartered in??Chicago, the Company empowers shoppers with the data, resources and digital tools needed to make informed buying decisions and seamlessly connect with automotive retailers. In a rapidly changing market, Cars.com enables dealerships and OEMs with innovative technical solutions and data-driven intelligence to better reach and influence ready-to-buy shoppers, increase inventory turn and gain market share. In 2018, Cars.com acquired Dealer Inspire??, an??innovative technology company building solutions that future-proof dealerships with more efficient operations, a faster and easier car buying process, and connected digital experiences that sell and service more vehicles. Cars.com properties include DealerRater??, Dealer Inspire??, Auto.com ???, PickupTrucks.com ?? and NewCars.com ??.
Carver Bancorp, Inc. (Carver) is the holding company for Carver Federal Savings Bank (Carver Federal or the Bank), a federally chartered savings bank. The Company conducts business as a unitary savings and loan holding company. Its principal business consists of the operation of its wholly owned subsidiary, Carver Federal. Carver Federal engages in a range of consumer and commercial banking services. It provides deposit products, including demand, savings and time deposits for consumers, businesses, and governmental and quasi-governmental agencies in its local market area within New York City. In addition to deposit products, it offers other consumer and commercial banking products and services, including debit cards, online banking, online bill pay, and telephone banking. The Bank offers loan products covering a variety of asset classes, including commercial, multi-family and residential mortgages, construction loans and business loans.
Cascade Acquisition Corp Units each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and onehalf of one Redeemable Warrant
Casa Systems, Inc. is 5G, delivering physical, virtual and cloud-native 5G infrastructure and customer premise networking for high-speed data and multi-service communications networks. Our core and edge convergence technology enable public and private networks for both communications service providers and enterprises. Casa Systems?€? products deliver higher performance, improved network flexibility and scalability, increased operational efficiency and lower total cost of ownership (TCO). Commercially deployed in more than 70 countries, Casa serves over 475 Tier 1 and regional service providers worldwide.
Meta Financial Group, Inc.?? is a South Dakota-based financial holding company. Meta Financial Group?€?s banking subsidiary, MetaBank??, N.A., (?€?Meta?€?), is a leader in providing innovative financial solutions to consumers and businesses in under-served niche markets and believes in financial inclusion for all. Meta?€?s commercial lending division works with high-value niche industries, rapid-growth companies and technology adopters to grow their businesses and build more profitable customer relationships nationwide. Meta is one of the largest issuers of prepaid cards in the U.S., having issued more than a billion cards in partnership with banks, program managers, payments providers and other businesses, and offers a total payments services solution that includes ACH origination, wire transfers, and more. For more information, visit the Meta Financial Group website.
CASI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("CASI" or the "Company") is a U.S. biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing innovative therapeutics and pharmaceutical products in China, the United States, and throughout the world. The Company is focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing products that augment its hematology oncology therapeutic focus as well as other areas of unmet medical need. The Company intends to execute its plan to become a leader by launching medicines in the greater China market leveraging the Company's China -based regulatory and commercial competencies and its global drug development expertise. The Company's operations in China are conducted through its wholly-owned subsidiary, CASI Pharmaceuticals ( China ) Co., Ltd., which is located in Beijing, China. The Company has built a commercial team of over 70 hematology and oncology sales and marketing specialists based in China.
Cass Information Systems, Inc. is a leading provider of integrated information and payment management solutions. Cass enables enterprises to achieve visibility, control and efficiency in their supply chains, communications networks, facilities and other operations. Disbursing more than $60 billion annually on behalf of clients, and with total assets of $1.7 billion, Cass is uniquely supported by Cass Commercial Bank. Founded in 1906 and a wholly owned subsidiary, Cass Bank provides sophisticated financial exchange services to the parent organization and its clients. Cass is part of the Russell 2000??.
Casey's?€?General Stores is a Fortune 500 company operating over 2,200 convenience stores in 16 states. Founded more than 50 years ago, the company has grown to become the fourth-largest convenience store retailer and the fifth-largest pizza chain in the United States. Casey?€?s provides freshly prepared foods, quality fuel, and friendly service at every location. Guests can enjoy famous, made-from-scratch pizza, donuts, other assorted bakery items, and a wide selection of beverages and snacks.
Since 1925, Caterpillar Inc. has been helping our customers build a better world ?€? making sustainable progress possible and driving positive change on every continent. With 2019 sales and revenues of $53.8 billion, Caterpillar is the world's leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives. Services offered throughout the product life cycle, cutting-edge technology and decades of product expertise set Caterpillar apart, providing exceptional value to help our customers succeed. The company principally operates through three primary segments ?€? Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy & Transportation ?€? and provides financing and related services through its Financial Products segment.
Catabasis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, engages in the discovery and development of medicines for the treatment of inflammatory and metabolic diseases. It focuses on lipid mediators that target the underlying etiology of complex human diseases. The company is developing CAT-1004 for the treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy. The company was incorporated in 2008 and is based in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Cambridge Bancorp, the parent company of Cambridge Trust Company, is based in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Cambridge Trust Company is a 130-year-old Massachusetts chartered commercial bank with approximately $4.0 billion in assets as of September??30, 2020, and a total of 22 Massachusetts and New Hampshire locations. Cambridge Trust Company is one of New England's leaders in private banking and wealth management with $3.9 billion in client assets under management and administration as of September??30, 2020. The Wealth Management group maintains offices in Boston and Wellesley, Massachusetts and Concord, Manchester, and Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
Nasdaq : CATM) Cardtronics is the trusted leader in financial self-service, enabling cash transactions at over 285,000 ATMs across 10 countries in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Africa. Leveraging our unmatched scale, expertise, and innovation, top-tier merchants and businesses of all sizes use our ATM solutions to drive growth, in-store traffic, and retail transactions. Financial services providers rely on Cardtronics to deliver superior service at their own ATMs, on Cardtronics ATMs where they place their brand, and through Cardtronics' Allpoint Network, the world?€?s largest surcharge-free ATM network, with over 55,000 locations. As champions of cash, Cardtronics converts digital currency into physical cash, driving payments choice for businesses and consumers alike. Contact Information: Cardtronics is a registered trademark of Cardtronics plc and its subsidiaries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
The Cato Corporation (Cato) is a women's fashion specialty retailer. As of January 28, 2012, the Company operated 1,288 fashion specialty stores in 31 states, principally in the southeastern United States, under the names Cato, Cato Fashions, Cato Plus, It's Fashion, It's Fashion Metro and Versona Accessories. It operates in two segments: stores and Credit. The Company's stores offer a assortment of on-trend apparel and accessory items in primarily junior/missy, plus sizes, girls sizes 7 to 16, men's and kids sizes newborn to seven. Its merchandise lines include dressy, career, and casual sportswear, dresses, coats, shoes, lingerie, costume jewelry, handbags, men's wear and lines for kids and newborns. Its merchandise is sold under its private label and is produced by various vendors in accordance with the Company's specifications.
Cathay General Bancorp is the holding company for Cathay Bank, a California state-chartered bank. Cathay General Bancorp's website is found at www.cathaygeneralbancorp.com. Founded in 1962, Cathay Bank offers a wide range of financial services. Cathay Bank currently operates 38 branches in California, 10 branches in New York State, four in Washington State, three in Illinois, two in Texas, one in Maryland, one in Massachusetts, one in Nevada, one in New Jersey, one in Hong Kong, and a representative office in Beijing, Shanghai and Taipei. Cathay Bank's website is found at www.cathaybank.com. Contact: Georgiana Choi (626) 279-3519 SOURCE Cathay Bank Related Links https://www.cathaybank.com
Chubb is the world's largest??publicly traded property and casualty insurance company. With operations in 54 countries and territories, Chubb provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and supplemental health insurance, reinsurance and life insurance to a diverse group of clients. As an underwriting company, we assess, assume and manage risk with insight and discipline. We service and pay our claims fairly and promptly. The company is also defined by its extensive product and service offerings, broad distribution capabilities, exceptional financial strength and local operations globally. Parent company Chubb Limited is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is a component of the S&P 500 index. Chubb maintains executive offices in Zurich, New York, London, Paris??and other locations, and employs approximately 33,000??people worldwide.
Colony Bankcorp, Inc. is the bank holding company for Colony Bank. Founded in 1975 and headquartered in Fitzgerald, Georgia, Colony operates 33 locations throughout Georgia. The Homebuilder Finance Division helps the local construction industry with building and construction loans, and the Small Business Specialty Lending Division assists small businesses with government guaranteed loans. The Bank also helps its customers achieve their goal of home ownership through Colony Bank Mortgage. Colony?€?s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol ?€?CBAN.?€? For more information, please visit www.colony.bank. You can also follow the Company on Facebook or on Twitter @colony_bank.
China BAK Battery, Inc. (China BAK) is a global manufacturer of lithium-based battery cells. The Company produces battery cells that are component of rechargeable batteries used to power applications cellular phones and smart phones-customer categories include original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers and replacement battery manufacturers; notebook computers; portable consumer electronics, such as digital cameras, portable media players, portable gaming devices, personal digital assistants (PDAs), camcorders, digital cameras and Bluetooth headsets, and light electric vehicles, hybrid electric vehicles, electric vehicles, cordless power tools, and uninterruptible power supplies (UPS). The Company conducts its operations in the People's Republic of China. Its products are packed into batteries by third-party battery pack manufacturers in accordance with the specifications of manufacturers of portable electronic applications.
Cymabay Therapeutics, Inc. focuses on developing therapies to treat metabolic diseases. Its lead product candidate is Arhalofenate, which completed five Phase II clinical trials for the treatment of gout. The company??s product candidate also includes MBX-8025, a selective agonist that is in a Phase II clinical trial in patients with mixed dyslipidemia; and MBX-2982, an oral, G-protein coupled receptor agonist to treat type II diabetes. Cymabay Therapeutics, Inc. has a development and license agreements with Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to develop and discover undisclosed metabolic disease target agonists for the treatment of T2DM and other disorders; and a license and development agreement with DiaTex, Inc. to develop and commercialize therapeutic products. The company was formerly known as Metabolex, Inc. Cymabay Therapeutics, Inc. was incorporated in 1988 and is based in Newark, California.
With headquarters in Cincinnati, Ohio, Cincinnati Bell Inc. delivers integrated communications solutions to residential and business customers over its fiber-optic and copper networks including high-speed internet, video, voice and data. Cincinnati Bell provides service in areas of Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana and Hawaii. In addition, enterprise customers across the United States and Canada rely on CBTS and OnX, wholly-owned subsidiaries, for efficient, scalable office communications systems and end-to-end IT solutions.
Cincinnati Bell Inc. Preferred Stock
Companhia Brasileira De Distribuicao (Grupo Pao de Acucar) is a Brazil-based company which is engaged in the retail of food, clothing, home appliances, fuel, drugs and other products. The Company distributes its products through chains of hypermarkets, supermarkets, specialty shops, department stores, fuel stations, drug stores and online shops. It sells products under various brand names, such as Pao de Acucar, Extra, Extra Super, Extra Facil, Assai, Ponto Frio and Casas Bahia, among others. The Company operates 50 distribution centers in 13 Brazilian states and 1,571 stores in 18 Brazilian states as well as one store in Distrito Federal. The Company operates through four segments: Retail, Home Appliances, Cash & Carry and E-commerce. As of December 31, 2011, the Company's subsidiaries included Novasoc Comercial Ltda, Globex Administracao de Consorcios Ltda, Vancouver Empreendimentos e Participacoes Ltda and CBD Holland BV, among others.
CB Financial Services, Inc. is the bank holding company for Community Bank, a Pennsylvania-chartered commercial bank. Community Bank operates 15 offices in Greene, Allegheny, Washington, Fayette, and Westmoreland Counties in southwestern Pennsylvania, six offices in Brooke, Marshall, Ohio, Upshur and Wetzel Counties in West Virginia, and one office in Belmont County in Ohio. Community Bank offers a broad array of retail and commercial lending and deposit services and provides commercial and personal insurance brokerage services through Exchange Underwriters, Inc., its wholly owned subsidiary. Consolidated financial highlights of the Company are attached.
Catalyst is a research and clinical development biopharmaceutical company focused on addressing unmet medical needs in rare hematologic and complement-mediated disorders. Our protease engineering platform generated two late-stage clinical programs in hemophilia; a research program on engineering of subcutaneous (SQ) complement inhibitors; a discovery stage Factor IX gene therapy construct - CB 2679d-GT - for Hemophilia B, and a partnered preclinical development program with Biogen for dry age-related macular degeneration (AMD). The product candidates generated by our protease engineering platform have improved functionality and potency that allow for: SQ administration of recombinant coagulation factors and complement inhibitors; low-dose, high activity gene therapy constructs; and less frequently dosed intravitreal therapeutics.
Cleveland BioLabs, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company with a focus on oncology drug development. The Company's lead drug candidate CBLB502 is developed for dual indications under the United States Food & Drug Administration's (FDA's) Animal Efficacy Rule, commonly referred to as the Animal Rule, as a radiation countermeasure, and under the FDA's traditional drug approval pathway as an anti-cancer agent and an oncology supportive care therapy. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had nine product candidates in its pipeline that are developed directly by the Company and its majority owned subsidiaries. The products include CBLB502, CBLB502, CBLB502, CBLB612, CBLC102, CBLC137, Revercom, Mobilan, Arkil, Antimycon, and Xenomycins. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had an approximately 75.8% ownership interest in Incuron, LLC (Incuron).As of December 31, 2011, the Company had an ownership stake of approximately 54.6% in Panacela Labs, Inc. (Panacela).
CBM Bancorp Inc. - Ordinary Shares
Cellular Biomedicine Group, Inc. develops proprietary cell therapies for the treatment of cancer and degenerative diseases. The company conducts immuno-oncology and stem cell clinical trials in China using products from its integrated GMP laboratory. The Company's GMP facilities in China, consisting of twelve independent cell production lines, are designed and managed according to both China and U.S. GMP standards. Its Shanghai facility includes a "Joint Laboratory of Cell Therapy" with GE Healthcare and a "Joint Cell Therapy Technology Innovation and Application Center" with Thermo Fisher Scientific. These partnerships focus on improving manufacturing processes for cell therapies. CBMG currently has ongoing CAR-T Phase I clinical trials in China. The China NMPA (formerly CFDA) approved the Company's IND application for a Phase II trial for AlloJoin??, CBMG's "Off-the-Shelf" allogenic haMPC therapy for the treatment of Knee Osteoarthritis (KOA), and has accepted the Company's IND application for a Phase II trial for ReJoin?? autologous haMPC therapy for the treatment of KOA. The NMPA has also accepted CBMG's dossier for an IND application for clinical trials of anti-BCMA CAR-T. CBMG is included in the broad-market Russell 3000?? Index the small-cap Russell 2000?? Index and the Loncar China BioPharma index.
CREATIVE BIOMOLECULES INC
Chicopee Bancorp, Inc. (Chicopee Bancorp) is a bank holding company that operates, through its subsidiary, Chicopee Savings Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a full-service, community oriented financial institution offering products and services to individuals and businesses through nine offices located in Western Massachusetts. The Bank's deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and Depositor's Insurance Fund (DIF) of Massachusetts. The Bank's business consists primarily of making loans to its customers, including residential mortgages, commercial real estate loans, commercial loans and consumer loans, including home equity loans, and investing in a variety of investments. The Bank also provides access to insurance and investment products through its Financial Services Division. Its primary lending and deposit market areas include Hampden and Hampshire Counties in Western Massachusetts.
NYSE LISTED TEST STOCK FOR CTS AND CQS

China Biologic Products Holdings, Inc. is a leading fully integrated plasma-based biopharmaceutical company in China. The Company's products are used as critical therapies during medical emergencies and for the prevention and treatment of life-threatening diseases and immune-deficiency related diseases. China Biologic is headquartered in Beijing and manufactures over 20 different dosage forms of plasma products through its indirect majority-owned subsidiary, Shandong Taibang Biological Products Co., Ltd. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Guizhou Taibang Biological Products Co., Ltd. The Company also has an equity investment in Xi'an Huitian Blood Products Co., Ltd. Since the acquisition of TianXinFu ( Beijing ) Medical Appliance Co., Ltd. in 2018, China Biologic is also engaged in the sale of medical devices, primarily regenerative medical biomaterial products. The Company sells its products to hospitals, distributors and other healthcare facilities in China.
CBRE Group, Inc., a Fortune 500 and S&P 500 company headquartered in Los Angeles, is the world?€?s largest commercial real estate services and investment firm (based on 2019 revenue). The company has more than 100,000 employees (excluding affiliates) and serves real estate investors and occupiers through more than 530 offices (excluding affiliates) worldwide. CBRE offers a broad range of integrated services, including facilities, transaction and project management; property management; investment management; appraisal and valuation; property leasing; strategic consulting; property sales; mortgage services and development services. Please visit our website at www.cbre.com. We routinely post important information on our website, including corporate and investor presentations and financial information. We intend to use our website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD.
Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. shares warm welcomes and friendly service while offering guests high-quality homestyle food and unique shopping ?€? all at a fair price. By creating a world filled with hospitality through an experience that combines dining and shopping, guests are cared for like family. Established in 1969 in Lebanon, Tenn., Cracker Barrel and its affiliates operate more than 660 company-owned Cracker Barrel Old Country Store?? locations in 45 states and own the fast-casual Maple Street Biscuit Company.
With $30.5 billion in assets 1, Commerce Bancshares, Inc. is a registered bank holding company offering a full line of banking services, including payment solutions, investment management and securities brokerage. Commerce Bank, a subsidiary of Commerce Bancshares, Inc., leverages more than 150 years of proven strength and experience to help individuals and businesses solve financial challenges. In addition to offering payment solutions across the U.S., Commerce Bank currently operates full-service banking facilities across the Midwest including the St. Louis and Kansas City metropolitan areas, Springfield, Central Missouri, Central Illinois, Wichita, Tulsa, Oklahoma City, and Denver. It also maintains commercial offices in Dallas, Houston, Cincinnati, Nashville, Des Moines, Indianapolis, and Grand Rapids. Commerce delivers high-touch service and sophisticated financial solutions at regional branches, commercial offices, ATMs, online, mobile and through a 24/7 customer service line.
Cabot Corporation is a global specialty chemicals and performance materials company, headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. The company is a leading provider of rubber and specialty carbons, activated carbon, inkjet colorants, masterbatches and conductive compounds, fumed silica, and aerogel.
CBTX, Inc. is the bank holding company for CommunityBank of Texas, N.A., a $3.8 billion asset bank, offering commercial banking solutions to small and mid-sized businesses and professionals in Houston, Dallas, Beaumont and surrounding communities in Texas.
Community Bank System, Inc. operates more than 230 customer facilities across Upstate New York, Northeastern Pennsylvania, Vermont, and Western Massachusetts through its banking subsidiary, Community Bank, N.A. With assets of over $13.8 billion, the DeWitt, N.Y. headquartered company is among the country?€?s 125 largest banking institutions. In addition to a full range of retail, business, and municipal banking services, the Company offers comprehensive financial planning, insurance and wealth management services through its Community Bank Wealth Management Group and OneGroup NY, Inc. operating units. The Company?€?s Benefit Plans Administrative Services, Inc. subsidiary is a leading provider of employee benefits administration, trust services, collective investment fund administration and actuarial consulting services to customers on a national scale. Community Bank System, Inc. is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Company?€?s stock trades under the symbol CBU.

CBIZ, Inc. provides professional business services that help clients better manage their finances and employees. CBIZ provides its clients with financial services including accounting, tax, financial advisory, government health care consulting, risk advisory, real estate consulting and valuation services. Employee services include employee benefits consulting, property and casualty insurance, retirement plan consulting, payroll, life insurance, HR consulting and executive recruitment. As one of the largest accounting, insurance brokerage and valuation companies in the United States, the company?€?s services are provided through more than 100 company offices in 33 states.
The Chemours Company (Chemours) is a global leader in Titanium technologies, Fluoroproducts, and Chemical Solutions, providing its customers with solutions in a wide range of industries with market-defining products, application expertise and chemistry-based innovations. Chemours ingredients are found in plastics and coatings, refrigeration and air conditioning, mining, and general industrial manufacturing. Our flagship products include prominent brands such as Teflon???, Ti-Pure???, Krytox???, Viton???, Opteon???, Freon??? and Nafion???. In 2019, Chemours was named to Newsweek's list of America's Most Responsible Companies. The company has approximately 7,000 employees and 30 manufacturing sites serving approximately 3,700 customers in over 120 countries. Chemours is headquartered in??Wilmington, Delaware??and is listed on the NYSE under the symbol CC. About the HBCU Week Foundation The mission of the HBCU Week Foundation is to encourage high-school aged youth to enroll into HBCU's, provide scholarship dollars for matriculation and sustain a pipeline for employment from undergraduate school to corporate America. The most impactful event during HBCU Week is the HBCU College Fair. HBCU Week Foundation, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) charitable organization. SOURCE The Chemours Company; American Chemistry Council; American Institute of Chemical Engineers; HBCU Week Foundation Related Links www.chemours.com

CITIC Capital Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Ord Cl A & 12 Red Wt
CITIC Capital Acquisition Corp. Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share
Crescent BDC is a business development company that seeks to maximize the total return of its stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation by providing capital solutions to middle market companies with sound business fundamentals and strong growth prospects. Crescent BDC utilizes the extensive experience, origination capabilities and disciplined investment process of Crescent. Crescent BDC is externally managed by Crescent Cap Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of Crescent. Crescent BDC has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
CCB FINANCIAL CORP
Capital City Bank Group, Inc. ??is one of the largest publicly traded financial holding companies headquartered in Florida and has approximately $3.6 billion in assets. We provide a full range of banking services, including traditional deposit and credit services, mortgage banking, asset management, trust, merchant services, bankcards and securities brokerage services. Our bank subsidiary, Capital City Bank, was founded in 1895 and now has 57 banking offices and 85 ATMs in Florida, Georgia and Alabama.
Clarivate Analytics??? is a global leader in providing trusted insights and analytics to accelerate the pace of innovation. We have built some of the most trusted brands across the innovation lifecycle, including Web of Science???, Cortellis???, Derwent???, CompuMark???, MarkMonitor??? and Techstreet???. Today, Clarivate Analytics is on a bold entrepreneurial mission to help our clients reduce the time from new ideas to life-changing innovations.
C4 Therapeutics Inc
Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc. (CCE) markets, produces, and distributes nonalcoholic beverages. The Company serves a market of approximately 170 million consumers throughout Belgium, continental France, Great Britain, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway, and Sweden. The Company is The Coca-Cola Company's (TCCC) bottling partner in Western Europe and an independent Coca-Cola bottler. The Company and TCCC had entered into 10-year bottling agreements for each of its territories, which extend through October 2, 2020, with each containing the right for it to request a 10-year renewal. During the year ended December 31, 2011, it sold approximately 12 billion bottles and cans (or approximately 620 million physical cases) throughout its territories. During the year ended December 31, 2011, products licensed to the Company through TCCC and its affiliates represented greater than 90% of its volume, with the remainder of its volume being attributable to sales of non-TCCC products.
Chase Corporation (Chase) is a manufacturer of protective materials for high reliability applications. The Company is engage in development and supply of conformal coatings. Chase Construction Products offers a range of technologically advanced coatings and materials with a track record in demanding anti-corrosion, membrane, waterproofing and other high performance applications. The Company's field proven core technologies are formulations of adhesives, sealants, tapes and membranes that protect infrastructure investments. CEVA Systems is an expansion joint seal for exterior and interior architectural applications. CEVA Systems offers advantages, including resistance to chemicals and hydrostatic pressure, as well as ultraviolet (UV) protection and noise suppression. The Company operates in two segments: Industrial Materials segment and a Construction Materials segment.
Crown Castle International Corp. (CCIC) owns, operates and leases shared wireless infrastructure, including towers and other structures, such as rooftops (towers); distributed antenna systems (DAS)(each such system is a network of antennas for the benefit of wireless carriers and is connected by fiber to communication hubs designed to facilitate wireless communications), and interests in land under third party towers in various forms (third party land interests) (unless the context otherwise suggests or requires, references herein to wireless infrastructure include towers, DAS and third party land interests). Its core business is renting space or physical capacity (collectively, space) on its towers, DAS and, to a lesser extent, third party land interests (collectively, site rental business) through long-term contracts in various forms, including license, sublease and lease agreements (collectively, contracts). In April 2012, it acquired NextG Networks, Inc.

Churchill Capital Corp IV Units each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and onefifth of one redeemable warrant
Churchill Capital Corp IV - Warrants (04/08/2025)
Cameco Corporation (Cameco) is engaged in the exploration for and the development, mining, refining, conversion and fabrication of uranium for sale as fuel for generating electricity in nuclear power reactors in Canada and other countries. Cameco has a 31.6% interest in Bruce Power L.P. (BPLP), which operates the four Bruce B nuclear reactors in Ontario. Cameco has three reportable segments: uranium, fuel services and electricity. In January 2013, the Company acquired NUKEM Energy GmbH.
Crown Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiaries, is a leading global supplier of rigid packaging products to consumer marketing companies, as well as transit and protective packaging products, equipment and services to a broad range of end markets. World headquarters are located in Yardley, Pennsylvania.
Carnival Foundation is dedicated to creating positive change through empowering youth, enhancing education and strengthening families in the communities where Carnival Corporation employees live and work. Through monetary and in-kind donations, innovative philanthropic programs, employee fundraisers and hands-on volunteer initiatives, the foundation supports hundreds of organizations annually with primary funding focused in the areas of the arts, human needs, education and health. Carnival Foundation partners include National YoungArts Foundation, New World Symphony, Florida International University, Buoniconti Fund to Cure Paralysis, Best Buddies International, The Nature Conservancy, Dress for Success Worldwide, United Negro College Fund, Hispanic Scholarship Fund and Feeding South Florida. Its website is www.carnivalfoundation.com. SOURCE Carnival Corporation
Compressco Partners, L.P. is a provider of wellhead compression-based production enhancement services (production enhancement services). The Company provides its services to a base of natural gas and oil exploration and production companies operating throughout many of the onshore producing regions of the United States, as well as in Canada and Mexico. Its production enhancement services primarily consist of wellhead compression, related liquids separation, gas metering, and vapor recovery services. It also provides ongoing well monitoring services, and, in Mexico, automated sand separation services in connection with its primary production enhancement services. It design and manufacture most of the compressor units it use to provide its production enhancement services. Compressco Partners GP, Inc. is the general partner of the Company.
Concord Medical Services Holdings Limited is a healthcare provider specializing in cancer care, research and prevention. The Company operates a network of medically advanced comprehensive cancer hospitals and standalone radiotherapy and diagnostic imaging centres in China. The Company focuses on providing multidisciplinary cancer care approach in all areas of oncology services in its cancer hospitals. The Company also equips its hospitals with technologically advanced equipment such as the state-of-the-art proton therapy system in its Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou cancer hospitals. As of June 30, 2020, the Company operated a network of 27 centers based in 20 hospitals, spanning over 20 cities across 13 provinces and administrative regions in China. To ensure the commitment to the highest level of clinical care for patients, the Company offers ongoing education and training for doctors and other medical professionals in its network hospitals and centres in both local and overseas medical institutions.
Cabot Microelectronics Corporation (Cabot Microelectronics Corp) is the supplier of polishing slurries and a CMP pad supplier used in the manufacture of advanced integrated circuit (IC) devices within the semiconductor industry, in a process called chemical mechanical planarization (CMP). CMP is a polishing process used by IC device manufacturers to planarize or flatten many of the multiple layers of material that are deposited upon silicon wafers in the production of advanced ICs. The Company develops, produces and sells CMP slurries for polishing many of the conducting and insulating materials used in IC devices, and also for polishing the disk substrates and magnetic heads used in hard disk drives. The Company also develops, manufacture and sells CMP polishing pads, which are used in conjunction with slurries in the CMP process.
TMSR Holding Company Ltd
CNB Financial Corporation is a financial holding company with consolidated assets of approximately $4.7 billion. CNB Financial Corporation conducts business primarily through its principal subsidiary, CNB Bank. CNB Bank is a full-service bank engaging in a full range of banking activities and services, including trust and wealth management services, for individual, business, governmental, and institutional customers. CNB Bank operations include a private banking division, one loan production office, one drive-up office and 44 full-service offices in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and New York. CNB Bank?€?s divisions include ERIEBANK, based in Erie, Pennsylvania, with offices in northwest Pennsylvania and northeast Ohio; FCBank, based in Worthington, Ohio, with offices in central Ohio; and BankOnBuffalo, based in Buffalo, New York, with offices in northern New York. CNB Bank is headquartered in Clearfield, Pennsylvania, with offices in central and north central Pennsylvania. Additional information about CNB Financial Corporation may be found at www.CNBBank.bank.
CNB Financial Corp (PA)
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. is one of the world's largest outdoor advertising companies with a diverse portfolio of approximately 500,000 print and digital displays in 31 countries across North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia, reaching millions of people monthly.
Cogent Communications is a multinational, Tier 1 facilities-based ISP, consistently ranked as one of the top five Internet backbone networks in the world. Cogent specializes in providing businesses with high speed Internet access, Ethernet transport and colocation services. Cogent's facilities-based, all-optical IP network provides services in over 200 markets globally. Since its inception, Cogent has unleashed the benefits of IP technology, building one of the largest and highest capacity IP networks in the world. This network enables Cogent to offer large bandwidth connections at highly competitive prices. Cogent also offers superior customer support by virtue of its end-to-end control of service delivery and network monitoring. Cogent Communications is headquartered at 2450 N St, NW, Washington, D.C. 20037.
CNX Coal Resources LP representing limited partner interests
China Customer Relations Centers, Inc. provides call center business process outsourcing for telecommunications service providers in the People??s Republic of China. It offers voice-based customer care services, including customer relationship management, technical support, sales, customer retention, marketing surveys, and research services. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is headquartered in Tai'an, the People??s Republic of China.
Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCH) is a leader in providing total talent management including strategic workforce solutions, contingent staffing, permanent placement and other consultative services for healthcare clients. Leveraging nearly 35 years of expertise and insight, CCH solves complex labor-related challenges for clients while providing high-quality outcomes and exceptional patient care. As a multi-year Best of Staffing?? Award winner, CCH is committed to excellence in delivery of its services and was the first public company to earn The Joint Commission Gold Seal of Approval?? for Health Care Staffing Services Certification with Distinction.
Century Communities, Inc. is a top 10 national homebuilder. Offering new homes under the Century Communities and Century Complete brands, Century is engaged in all aspects of homebuilding?€?including the acquisition, entitlement and development of land, along with the construction, innovative marketing and sale of quality homes designed to appeal to a wide range of homebuyers. The Colorado -based company operates in 17 states across the U.S., and offers title, insurance and lending services in select markets through its Parkway Title, IHL Insurance Agency, and Inspire Home Loan subsidiaries.
Compania Cervecerias Unidas SA (CCU) is a Chile-based holding company engaged in the production, packaging and distribution of diversified beverages that, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, has operations established in Chile, Argentina, the Cayman Islands and Liechtenstein. The Company's products include non-alcoholic drinks, beer, spirits, cider and wines. It has licensing agreements with such companies as PepsiCo Inc, Schweppes Holdings Limited, Nestle SA and Promarca SA, among others. In addition, through its subsidiary Fabrica de Envases Plasticos SA (PLASCO), the Company is engaged in the manufacture of plastic bottles; as well as in the production of ready-to-eat foods (RTE), through Foods Compania de Alimentos CCU SA. As of December 31, 2012, Inversiones y Rentas SA was its majority shareholder with 66.1% of total share capital.
Churchill Capital Corp II - Ordinary Shares - Class A
Churchill Capital Corp II Units each consisting of one share of Class A common stock 0.0001 par value and onethird of one redeemable warrant
Churchill Capital Corp II Warrants 02072024
ChemoCentryx??is a biopharmaceutical company developing new medications for inflammatory and autoimmune diseases and cancer. ChemoCentryx??targets the chemokine and chemoattractant systems to discover, develop and commercialize orally administered therapies. ChemoCentryx?€?s lead drug candidate, avacopan (CCX168), successfully completed a pivotal Phase III trial in ANCA-associated vasculitis and a New Drug Application is under review by the??U.S. Food and Drug Administration, along with a Marketing Authorization Application by the European Medicines Agency. Avacopan is also in late stage clinical development for the treatment of Hidradenitis Suppurativa and C3 glomerulopathy (C3G). ChemoCentryx??also has early stage drug candidates that target chemoattractant receptors in other inflammatory and autoimmune diseases and in cancer. Contacts: Susan M. Kanaya Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer investor@chemocentryx.com Media: Stephanie Tomei 408.234.1279 media@chemocentryx.com Investors: Lee Roth, Burns McClellan 212.213.0006 lroth@burnsmc.com
No Description Available
Chindata Group Holdings Ltd
Codiak Biosciences Inc
Ceridian. Makes Work Life Better???. Ceridian is a global human capital management software company. Dayforce, our flagship cloud HCM platform, provides human resources, payroll, benefits, workforce management, and talent management functionality. Our platform is used to optimize management of the entire employee lifecycle, including attracting, engaging, paying, deploying, and developing people. Ceridian has solutions for organizations of all sizes. Use of??Non-GAAP??Financial Measures We use certain??non-GAAP??financial measures in this release including Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted net income, and revenue on a constant currency basis. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin,??and Adjusted net income, non-GAAP??financial measures, are useful to management and investors as supplemental measures to evaluate our overall operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are components of our management incentive plan and are used by management to assess performance and to compare our operating performance to our competitors. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, as adjusted to exclude gain (loss) on assets and liabilities held in a foreign currency other than the functional currency of a company subsidiary, share-based compensation expense and related employer taxes, severance charges, restructuring consulting fees, and other non-recurring charges. Adjusted EBITDA margin is determined by calculating the percentage Adjusted EBITDA is of total revenue. Adjusted net income is defined as net income, as adjusted to exclude release of the valuation allowance, gain (loss) on assets and liabilities held in a foreign currency other than the functional currency of a company subsidiary, share-based compensation expense and related employer taxes, severance charges, restructuring consulting fees, and other non-recurring charges, all of which are adjusted for the effect of income taxes. Management believes that Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and Adjusted net income are helpful in highlighting management performance trends because Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and Adjusted net income exclude the results of decisions that are outside the normal course of our business operations. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and Adjusted net income are intended as supplemental measures of our performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and Adjusted net income should not be considered as alternatives to net income, earnings per share, or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP, or as measures of operating cash flows or liquidity. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and Adjusted net income should not be construed to imply that our future results will be unaffected by similar items to those eliminated in this presentation. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and Adjusted net income are included in this discussion because they are key metrics used by management to assess our operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and Adjusted net income are not defined under GAAP, are not measures of net income or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP, and are subject to important limitations. Our use of the terms Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and Adjusted net income may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies in our industry and are not measures of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and Adjusted net income have important limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and Adjusted net income, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to those eliminated in this presentation. We present revenue on a constant currency basis to assess how our underlying businesses performed, excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations, which we believe is useful to management and investors. We calculate revenue on a constant currency basis by applying the average foreign exchange rate in effect during the comparable prior period. Dayforce revenue per customer is calculated on a constant currency basis by applying the prior year average exchange rate to all comparable periods.
Coeur Mining, Inc. is a U.S.-based, well-diversified, growing precious metals producer with five wholly-owned operations: the Palmarejo gold-silver complex in Mexico, the Rochester silver-gold mine in Nevada, the Kensington gold mine in Alaska, the Wharf gold mine in South Dakota, and the Silvertip silver-zinc-lead mine in British Columbia. In addition, the Company has interests in several precious metals exploration projects throughout North America.
Centennial Resource Development, Inc. is an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the development of unconventional oil and associated liquids-rich natural gas reserves in the Permian Basin. The Company?€?s assets and operations, which are held and conducted through Centennial Resource Production, LLC, are concentrated in the Delaware Basin, a sub-basin of the Permian Basin.
With $2 billion in revenues, CDK Global is a leading global provider of integrated information technology solutions to the automotive retail and adjacent industries. Focused on enabling end-to-end automotive commerce, CDK Global provides solutions to dealers in more than 100 countries around the world, serving approximately 30,000 retail locations and most automotive manufacturers. CDK solutions automate and integrate all parts of the dealership and buying process, including the acquisition, sale, financing, insuring, parts supply, repair, and maintenance of vehicles. Visit cdkglobal.com. About The National Association of Minority Automobile Dealers The National Association of Minority Automobile Dealers' (NAMAD) objective is to pursue the meaningful presence and participation of minority businesses and diverse employees across all aspects of the automotive economic sector, including: Increasing the number of minority-owned dealerships in communities across America. Advocating workplace and supplier diversity in the automotive manufacturing environment. Supporting minority engagement in the automotive retail sales and service sectors. We are committed to developing strategic relationships and advocating for the advancement of business policies and practices that ensure diversity and economic parity remain a priority in all aspects of the American automotive industry. NAMAD is a 501(c)(3) non-profit, tax-exempt organization headquartered in the Washington, D.C. area.
Cardlytics Inc
Avid Bioservices??is a dedicated contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) focused on development and CGMP manufacturing of biopharmaceutical drug substances derived from mammalian cell culture. The company provides a comprehensive range of process development, CGMP clinical and commercial manufacturing services for the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries. With 27 years of experience producing monoclonal antibodies and recombinant proteins, Avid's services include CGMP clinical and commercial drug substance manufacturing, bulk packaging, release and stability testing and regulatory submissions support. For early-stage programs the company provides a variety of process development activities, including upstream and downstream development and optimization, analytical methods development, testing and characterization. The scope of our services ranges from standalone process development projects to full development and manufacturing programs through commercialization.
Avid Bioservices Inc. 10.50% Series E Convertible Preferred Stock
CareDx, Inc., headquartered in South San Francisco, California, is a leading precision medicine solutions company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of clinically differentiated, high-value healthcare solutions for transplant patients and caregivers. CareDx offers testing services, products, and digital healthcare solutions along the pre- and post-transplant patient journey, and is the leading provider of genomics-based information for transplant patients.
Cadence Design Systems, Inc. develops, sells, leases, and licenses electronic design automation (EDA) software, emulation and prototyping hardware, verification intellectual property (VIP), and design intellectual property (design IP) for semiconductor and electronics systems industries worldwide. It offers functional verification products, including logic verification software that enables customers to coordinate verification activities across multiple teams and various specialists for verification planning and closure; and system design and verification products for hardware-software verification, as well as for system power exploration, analysis, and optimization. The company also provides digital integrated circuits (ICs) design products, such as logic design products for chip planning, design, verification, and test technologies and services; physical implementation products for use in place and route, signal integrity, optimization, and double patterning preparation; and signoff products to signoff the design as ready for manufacture by a silicon foundry, as well as design for manufacturing products for use in the product development process. In addition, it offers custom IC design and verification products to create schematic and physical representations of circuits down to the transistor level for analog, mixed-signal, custom digital, memory, and RF designs; and system interconnect design products to develop printed circuit boards and IC packages. Further, the company provides design IP products consisting of pre-verified and customizable functional blocks to integrate into customer??s SoCs; and VIP and memory models for use in system-level verification to model correct behavior of full systems interacting with their environments. Additionally, it offers engineering, methodology, education, and hosted design solutions, as well as technical support and maintenance services. The company was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.
Condor Hospitality Trust, Inc. (NYSE American: CDOR) is a self-administered real estate investment trust that specializes in the investment and ownership of upper midscale and upscale, premium-branded, select-service, extended-stay, and limited-service hotels in the top 100 Metropolitan Statistical Areas (?€?MSAs?€?) with a particular focus on the top 20 to 60 MSAs. The Company currently owns 15 hotels in 8 states. Condor?€?s hotels are franchised by a number of the industry?€?s most well-regarded brand families including Hilton, Marriott, and InterContinental Hotels.
Cedar Realty Trust, Inc. is a fully-integrated real estate investment trust which focuses on the ownership, operation and redevelopment of grocery-anchored shopping centers in high-density urban markets from Washington, D.C. to Boston. The Company's portfolio (excluding properties treated as "held for sale") comprises 54 properties, with approximately 8.2 million square feet of gross leasable area.
Cedar Realty Trust Inc. 7.25% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Cedar Realty Trust Inc. 6.50% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Cidara is developing long-acting therapeutics designed to transform the standard of care for patients facing serious fungal or viral infections. The Company?€?s portfolio is comprised of its lead antifungal candidate, rezafungin, in addition to AVCs for the prevention and treatment of influenza and other viral diseases from Cidara?€?s proprietary Cloudbreak?? antiviral platform. Cidara is headquartered in San Diego, California.
CDW Corporation (CDW) is a provider of integrated information technology (IT) solutions in the United States and Canada. CDW's range of offerings range from discrete hardware and software products to integrated IT solutions, such as mobility, security, data center optimization, cloud computing, virtualization and collaboration. The Company has two segments: Corporate, which consists of primarily of private sector business customers, and Public, which consists of government agencies and education and healthcare institutions. CDW also has two other operating segments, CDW Advanced Services and Canada (combined together as Other). The Company is a sales channel partner for many original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and software publishers (collectively, its vendor partners), whose products it sells or include in the solutions CDW offers. The Company helps its customer base of more than 250,000 small, medium and large business, government, education and healthcare customers.
Chromadex Corporation is a provider of research and quality-control products and services to the natural products industry. The Company's products are used by customers worldwide in the dietary supplement, food and beverage, cosmetic and pharmaceutical industries. The Company together with its subsidiaries supplies phytochemical reference standards, which are small quantities of plant-based compounds used to research an array of potential attributes, and reference materials, related contract services, technical consulting and ingredients. On December 3, 2012, ChromaDex Inc. acquired Spherix Consulting Inc. The Company's principal subsidiaries include ChromaDex, Inc., Chromadex Analytics, Inc. and Spherix Consulting, Inc (Spherix).
Codexis is a leading protein engineering company that applies its proprietary CodeEvolver ?? technology to develop proteins for a variety of applications, including as biocatalysts for the commercial manufacture of pharmaceuticals, fine chemicals and industrial enzymes, and enzymes as biotherapeutics and for use in molecular diagnostics. Codexis?€? proven technology enables improvements in protein performance, meeting customer needs for rapid, cost-effective and sustainable manufacturing in multiple commercial-scale implementations of biocatalytic processes.
The Cadiz Water Project is an innovative public-private partnership between Cadiz Inc. and Southern California water agencies that will use existing infrastructure, existing transportation corridors, private property and private capital to create a new water supply for up to 400,000 people a year by reducing a recurrent loss of groundwater to evaporation in California?€?s Mojave Desert. In a second phase, the Project will also offer groundwater storage for imported surplus supplies allowing these supplies to be banked for future dry years. The Project also offers tremendous benefits to the Southern California region by creating $1 Billion in local economic investment, 5,900 new jobs during construction, and $6M per year in new revenues to local government over the long-term. The Project has successfully completed a robust review by state and local public agencies in accordance with the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), the most stringent environmental protection law in the nation, and will be governed by a Court-approved groundwater management plan overseen locally by San Bernardino County. Prior to construction, the Project must complete final arrangements and permits to convey water within excess capacity in Southern California?€?s public water conveyance system. About Cadiz Inc. Founded in 1983, Cadiz Inc. is a natural resources leader that owns 70 square miles of property with significant water resources in Southern California. The Company is the largest agricultural operation in San Bernardino, California, where it has sustainably farmed since the 1980s and is now actively pursuing a joint venture to cultivate organic hemp on up to 9,600 acres. The Company also continues to partner with public water agencies to implement the Cadiz Water Project, which over two phases will create a new water supply for approximately 400,000 people and make available up to 1 million acre-feet of new groundwater storage capacity for the region. Guided by a holistic land management plan, we are dedicated to pursuing sustainable projects and practicing responsible stewardship of our land, water and agricultural resources.
Celanese Corporation is a global chemical leader in the production of differentiated chemistry solutions and specialty materials used in most major industries and consumer applications. Our businesses use the full breadth of Celanese's global chemistry, technology and commercial expertise to create value for our customers, employees, shareholders and the corporation. As we partner with our customers to solve their most critical business needs, we strive to make a positive impact on our communities and the world through The Celanese Foundation. Based in Dallas, Celanese employs approximately 7,700 employees worldwide and had 2019 net sales of $6.3 billion.
China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited is an air carrier operator in China. The Company provides civil aviation services, including passenger transportation, cargo transportation and mail delivery services. The Company operates its businesses in domestic and overseas markets. The Company operates its transportation business through its domestic, international and regional transportation lines.
CECO Environmental Corp. (CECO) is a provider of global, air pollution control technology. The Company operates as a provider of air pollution control technology, products and services through three principal product groups, including Engineered Equipment Technology and Parts Group, Contracting/Services Group and Component Parts Group. Its Engineered Equipment Technology and Parts Group produces various types of air pollution control technology and equipment. Its Contracting/Services Group, which produces air pollution control and engineered industrial ventilation systems and its Component Parts Group, which manufactures products used by the Company and other air pollution control companies and air system contractors. In March 2013, it announced the acquisition of Aarding Thermal Acoustics B.V. In August 2013, the Company announced that it has completed the acquisition of Met-Pro Corporation.
ETRACS Monthly Pay 1.5X Leveraged ClosedEnd Fund Index ETN

CONSOL Energy Inc. is a Canonsburg, Pennsylvania -based producer and exporter of high-Btu bituminous thermal coal and metallurgical coal. It owns and operates some of the most productive longwall mining operations in the Northern Appalachian Basin and is developing a new metallurgical coal mine (the Itmann project) in the Central Appalachian Basin. CONSOL's flagship operation is the Pennsylvania Mining Complex, which has the capacity to produce approximately 28.5 million tons of coal per year and is comprised of 3 large-scale underground mines: Bailey, Enlow Fork, and Harvey. The company also owns and operates the CONSOL Marine Terminal, which is located in the port of Baltimore and has a throughput capacity of approximately 15 million tons per year. In addition to the ~669 million reserve tons associated with the Pennsylvania Mining Complex and the ~21 million reserve tons associated with the Itmann project, the company also controls approximately 1.5 billion tons of greenfield thermal and metallurgical coal reserves located in the major coal-producing basins of the eastern United States.
Cellcom Israel Ltd., established in 1994, is a leading Israeli communications group, providing a wide range of communications services. Cellcom Israel is the largest Israeli cellular provider, providing its cellular subscribers with a broad range of services including cellular telephony, roaming services, text and multimedia messaging, advanced cellular and data services and other value-added services in the areas of ??mobile office, data protection etc., based on Cellcom Israel's technologically advanced infrastructure. The Company operates advanced networks enabling high-speed broadband and advanced multimedia services. Cellcom Israel offers nationwide customer service including telephone customer service, retail stores, and service and sale centers. Cellcom Israel further provides OTT TV services, internet infrastructure and connectivity services and international calling services, as well as landline telephone services in Israel. Cellcom Israel's shares are traded both on the New York Stock Exchange (CEL) and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (CEL).
Celcuity Inc
BristolMyers Squibb Company. Contingent Value Rt 12312030
Celsius Holdings, Inc., is a global company with a proprietary, clinically proven formula for its master brand CELSIUS?? and all its sub-brands. A lifestyle fitness drink and a pioneer in the rapidly growing performance energy sector, CELSIUS?? has five beverage lines that each offer proprietary, functional, healthy-energy formulas clinically-proven to offer significant health benefits to its users. The five lines include, CELSIUS?? Originals, CELSIUS HEAT???, CELSIUS?? BCAA +Energy,?? CELSIUS?? On-the-Go, and CELSIUS?? Sweetened with Stevia. CELSIUS?? has zero sugar, no preservatives, no aspartame, no high fructose corn syrup, and is non-GMO, with no artificial flavors or colors. The CELSIUS?? line of products is Certified Kosher and Vegan. CELSIUS?? is also soy and gluten-free and contains very little sodium. CELSIUS?? is backed by six university studies that were published in peer-reviewed journals validating the unique benefits CELSIUS?? provides. CELSIUS?? is sold nationally at Target, CVS, Walmart, GNC, Vitamin Shoppe, 7-Eleven, Dick's Sporting Goods, The Fresh Market, Sprouts and other key regional retailers such as HEB, Publix, Winn-Dixie, Harris Teeter, Shaw's and Food Lion. It is also available on Amazon, at fitness clubs and in select micro-markets across the country.
Cypress Energy Partners, L.P. is a master limited partnership that provides essential environmental services to the energy and municipal water industries, including pipeline & infrastructure inspection, NDE testing, various integrity services, and pipeline & process services throughout the U.S. Cypress also provides environmental services to upstream energy companies and their vendors in North Dakota, including water treatment, hydrocarbon recovery, and disposal into EPA Class II injection wells to protect our groundwater. In all of these business segments, Cypress works closely with its customers to help them protect people, property, and the environment, and to assist them with increasingly complex and strict rules and regulations. Cypress is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma. CYPRESS ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. Consolidated Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2019 and 2018 (in thousands) December 31, December 31, 2019 2018 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 15,700 $ 15,380 Trade accounts receivable, net 52,524 48,789 Prepaid expenses and other 988 1,396 Total current assets 69,212 65,565 Property and equipment: Property and equipment, at cost 26,499 23,988 Less: Accumulated depreciation 13,738 11,266 Total property and equipment, net 12,761 12,722 Intangible assets, net 20,063 22,759 Goodwill 50,356 50,294 Finance lease right-of-use assets, net 600 - Operating lease right-of-use assets 2,942 - Debt issuance costs, net 803 1,260 Other assets 605 253 Total assets $ 157,342 $ 152,853 LIABILITIES AND OWNERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 3,529 $ 4,848 Accounts payable - affiliates 1,167 4,060 Accrued payroll and other 14,850 12,276 Income taxes payable 1,092 737 Finance lease obligations 183 90 Operating lease obligations 459 - Total current liabilities 21,280 22,011 Long-term debt 74,929 76,129 Finance lease obligations 359 248 Operating lease obligations 2,425 - Other noncurrent liabilities 158 178 Total liabilities 99,151 98,566 Owners' equity: Partners?€? capital: Common units (12,068 and 11,947 units outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 37,334 34,677 Preferred units (5,769 units outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018) 44,291 44,291 General partner (25,876 ) (25,876 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (2,577 ) (2,414 ) Total partners' capital 53,172 50,678 Noncontrolling interests 5,019 3,609 Total owners' equity 58,191 54,287 Total liabilities and owners' equity $ 157,342 $ 152,853 CYPRESS ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Three Months and Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 (in thousands, except per unit data) Three Months Ended December 31, Years Ended December 31, 2019 2018 2019 2018 Revenues $ 91,247 $ 88,888 $ 401,648 $ 314,960 Costs of services 77,754 76,822 347,924 270,914 Gross margin 13,493 12,066 53,724 44,046 Operating costs and expense: General and administrative 6,680 6,403 25,626 23,744 Depreciation, amortization and accretion 1,119 1,036 4,448 4,404 (Gain) loss on asset disposals, net (2 ) 29 (25 ) (4,108 ) Operating income 5,696 4,598 23,675 20,006 Other income (expense): Interest expense, net (1,228 ) (1,299 ) (5,330 ) (6,206 ) Debt issuance cost write-off - - - (114 ) Foreign currency gains (losses) 84 (289 ) 222 (643 ) Other, net 891 71 1,111 373 Net income before income tax expense 5,443 3,081 19,678 13,416 Income tax expense 523 453 2,254 1,318 Net income 4,920 2,628 17,424 12,098 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 718 12 1,410 685 Net income attributable to limited partners 4,202 2,616 16,014 11,413 Net income attributable to preferred unitholder 1,034 1,033 4,133 2,445 Net income attributable to common unitholders $ 3,168 $ 1,583 $ 11,881 $ 8,968 Net income per common limited partner unit: Basic $ 0.26 $ 0.13 $ 0.99 $ 0.75 Diluted $ 0.23 $ 0.13 $ 0.88 $ 0.72 Weighted average common units outstanding: Basic 12,067 11,946 12,039 11,929 Diluted 18,510 18,123 18,289 15,757 Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA and to Distributable Cash Flow Three Months Ended December 31, Years Ended December 31, 2019 2018 2019 2018 (in thousands) Net income $ 4,920 $ 2,628 $ 17,424 $ 12,098 Add: Interest expense 1,228 1,299 5,330 6,206 Debt issuance cost write-off - - - 114 Depreciation, amortization and accretion 1,382 1,294 5,537 5,480 Income tax expense 523 453 2,254 1,318 Equity based compensation 362 339 1,108 1,247 Losses on asset disposals, net - 35 - - Foreign currency losses - 289 - 643 Less: Gains on asset disposals, net - - - 4,004 Foreign currency gains 84 - 222 - Adjusted EBITDA $ 8,331 $ 6,337 $ 31,431 $ 23,102 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to noncontrolling interests 862 143 1,976 1,219 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to limited partners / controlling interests $ 7,469 $ 6,194 $ 29,455 $ 21,883 Less: Preferred unit distributions 1,034 1,412 4,133 1,412 Cash interest paid, cash taxes paid, maintenance capital expenditures attributable to limited partners 1,634 1,714 7,238 7,611 Distributable cash flow $ 4,801 $ 3,068 $ 18,084 $ 12,860 Reconciliation of Net Income Attributable to Limited Partners to Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Limited Partners and Distributable Cash Flow Three Months Ended December 31, Years Ended December 31, 2019 2018 2019 2018 (in thousands) Net income attributable to limited partners $ 4,202 $ 2,616 $ 16,014 $ 11,413 Add: Interest expense attributable to limited partners 1,228 1,299 5,330 6,206 Debt issuance cost write-off attributable to limited partners - - - 114 Depreciation, amortization and accretion attributable to limited partners 1,247 1,170 5,006 4,974 Income tax expense attributable to limited partners 514 446 2,219 1,290 Equity based compensation attributable to limited partners 362 339 1,108 1,247 Loss on asset disposals attributable to limited partners, net - 35 - - Foreign currency losses attributable to limited partners - 289 - 643 Less: Gain on asset disposals attributable to limited partners, net - - - 4,004 Foreign currency gains attributable to limited partners 84 - 222 - Adjusted EBITDA attributable to limited partners 7,469 6,194 29,455 21,883 Less: Preferred unit distributions 1,034 1,412 4,133 1,412 Cash interest paid, cash taxes paid and maintenance capital expenditures 1,634 1,714 7,238 7,611 Distributable cash flow $ 4,801 $ 3,068 $ 18,084 $ 12,860 Reconciliation of Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities to Adjusted EBITDA and to Distributable Cash Flow Years Ended December 31, 2019 2018 (in thousands) Cash flows provided by operating activities $ 18,179 $ 15,409 Changes in trade accounts receivable, net 4,247 7,165 Changes in prepaid expenses and other (136 ) (1,004 ) Changes in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 1,506 (5,440 ) Changes in income taxes payable (356 ) (87 ) Interest expense (excluding non-cash interest) 4,797 5,646 Income tax expense (excluding deferred tax benefit) 2,290 1,267 Other 904 146 Adjusted EBITDA $ 31,431 $ 23,102 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to noncontrolling interests 1,976 1,219 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to limited partners / controlling interests $ 29,455 $ 21,883 Less: Preferred unit distributions 4,133 1,412 Cash interest paid, cash taxes paid, maintenance capital expenditures 7,238 7,611 Distributable cash flow $ 18,084 $ 12,860 Operating Data Three Months Years Ended December 31, Ended December 31, 2019 2018 2019 2018 Total barrels of saltwater disposed (in thousands) 3,094 3,854 13,416 14,782 Average revenue per barrel $ 0.77 $ 0.78 $ 0.77 $ 0.80 Environmental Services gross margins 67.9 % 73.8 % 70.6 % 68.3 % Average number of inspectors 1,296 1,375 1,485 1,214 Average number of U.S. inspectors 1,296 1,372 1,482 1,209 Average revenue per inspector per week $ 4,819 $ 4,643 $ 4,804 $ 4,551 Pipeline Inspection Services gross margins 11.7 % 11.0 % 10.9 % 11.0 % Average number of field personnel 27 26 28 23 Average revenue per field personnel per week $ 19,325 $ 10,929 $ 13,245 $ 12,508 Pipeline and Process Services gross margins 33.6 % 22.4 % 30.7 % 28.6 % Maintenance capital expenditures (in thousands) $ 149 $ 138 $ 671 $ 656 Expansion capital expenditures (in thousands) $ 368 $ 147 $ 1,526 $ 5,075 Distributions (in thousands) $ 2,534 $ 2,510 $ 10,133 $ 10,031 Preferred unit distributions (in thousands) $ 1,034 $ 1,412 $ 4,133 $ 1,412 Common unit coverage ratio 1.89 x 1.22 x 1.78 x 1.28 x Net debt leverage ratio 1.90 x 2.64 x 1.90 x 2.64 x
Chembio is a leading point-of-care diagnostics company focused on detecting and diagnosing infectious diseases, including COVID-19, sexually transmitted disease, and fever and tropical disease. Coupled with Chembio?€?s extensive scientific expertise, its novel DPP technology offers broad market applications beyond infectious disease. Chembio?€?s products are sold globally, directly and through distributors, to hospitals and clinics, physician offices, clinical laboratories, public health organizations, government agencies, and consumers.
Central Garden & Pet Company (Central) is a marketer and producer of branded products. It is the supplier of pet and lawn and garden supplies industries in the United States. The Company operates in two segments: Garden Products and Pet Products. Its pet supplies products include products for dogs and cats, including edible bones, healthy edible and non-edible chews, dog and cat food and treats, leashes, collars, toys, pet carriers, grooming supplies and other accessories; products for birds, small animals and specialty pets, including food, cages and habitats, toys, chews and related accessories; animal and household health and insect control products; products for fish, reptiles and other aquarium-based pets, including aquariums, furniture and lighting fixtures, pumps, filters, water conditioners, food and supplements, and information and knowledge resources, and products for horses and livestock. In January2013, it acquired the remaining interest in FourStar Microbial Products, LLC.
Central Garden & Pet Company produces and sells various products for the pet, and lawn and garden supplies markets in the United States. The company operates in two segments, Pet, and Lawn and Garden. The Pet segment supplies products for dogs and cats comprising edible bones, edible and non-edible chews, dog and cat food and treats, toys, pet carriers, grooming supplies, and other accessories; and food, cages and habitats, toys, chews, and related accessories for birds, small animals, and specialty pets. It also offers animal and household health, and insect control products; aquariums, furniture and lighting fixtures, pumps, filters, water conditioners, food and supplements, and information and knowledge resources for fish, reptiles, and other aquarium-based pets; and products for horses and livestock. This segment sells its products to independent pet distributors, retail chains, grocery stores, mass merchants, and bookstores primarily under the Adams, Aqueon, Avoderm, BioSpot, Farnam, Four Paws, Kaytee, Nylabone, Pinnacle, TFH, Zilla, Altosid, Comfort Zone, Coralife, Interpet, Kent Marine, Oceanic Systems, Pet Select, Pre-Strike, Super Pet, and Zodiac brand names. The Lawn and Garden segment provides grass seeds; wild bird feed, bird feeders, bird houses, and other birding accessories; weed, grass, ant and other herbicide, insecticide, and pesticide products; and decorative outdoor lifestyle and lighting products, such as pottery, trellises and other wood products, and holiday lighting products. This segment sells its products to retail chains, independent garden distributors, grocery stores, nurseries, and garden supply retailers primarily under the AMDRO, GKI/Bethlehem Lighting, Ironite, Pennington, Sevin, Lilly Miller, Over-N-Out, Smart Seed, and The Rebels brand names. The company was founded in 1955 and is based in Walnut Creek, California.
Century Aluminum Company owns primary aluminum capacity in the United States and Iceland. Century's corporate offices are located in Chicago, IL.
CNOOC Limited is the largest producer of offshore crude oil and natural gas in China and one of the largest independent oil and gas exploration and production companies in the world. CNOOC Limited mainly engages in exploration, development, production and sale of crude oil and natural gas.
Central Puerto S.A. American Depositary Shares (each represents ten)
Houston, Texas, based Crestwood Equity Partners LP is a master limited partnership that owns and operates midstream businesses in multiple shale resource plays across the United States. Crestwood is engaged in the gathering, processing, treating, compression, storage and transportation of natural gas; storage, transportation, terminalling, and marketing of NGLs; gathering, storage, terminalling and marketing of crude oil; and gathering and disposal of produced water.
Crestwood Equity Partners LP - Unit - Pfd Unit 9.25%
Cerecor is a biopharmaceutical company focused on becoming a leader in the development and commercialization of treatments for rare and orphan diseases. The company is advancing its clinical-stage pipeline of innovative therapies that address unmet patient needs within rare and orphan diseases. The company's rare disease pipeline includes CERC-801, CERC-802 and CERC-803 ("CERC-800 compounds"), which are therapies for inherited metabolic disorders known as congenital disorders of glycosylation. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") granted Rare Pediatric Disease Designation (RPDD) and Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) to all three CERC-800 compounds, thus potentially qualifying the Company to receive a Priority Review Voucher (PRV) upon approval of each new drug application (NDA). The company is also developing CERC-002, CERC-006 and CERC-007. CERC-002 is an anti-LIGHT monoclonal antibody being developed for the treatment of severe pediatric-onset Crohn's disease, and is also being studied for COVID-19 acute respiratory distress syndrome. CERC-006 is a dual mTOR inhibitor being developed for the treatment of complex lymphatic malformations and has been granted ODD and RPDD by the FDA, thus potentially qualifying the company to receive a fourth PRV upon approval of an NDA. CERC-007 is an anti-IL-18 monoclonal antibody being developed for the treatment of autoimmune inflammatory diseases such as Still?€?s disease and multiple myeloma.
Cerevel Therapeutics is dedicated to unraveling the mysteries of the brain to treat neuroscience diseases. The company is tackling neuroscience diseases with a differentiated approach that combines expertise in neurocircuitry with a focus on receptor selectivity. Cerevel Therapeutics has a diversified pipeline comprising five clinical-stage investigational therapies and several preclinical compounds with the potential to treat a range of neuroscience diseases, including schizophrenia, epilepsy, Parkinson?€?s disease and substance use disorder. Headquartered in Boston, Cerevel Therapeutics is advancing its current research and development programs while exploring new modalities through internal research efforts, external collaborations or potential acquisitions.
Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings Inc - Warrants (27/10/2025)
Cerner?€?s health technologies connect people and information systems in thousands of contracted provider facilities worldwide dedicated to creating smarter and better care for individuals and communities. Recognized globally for innovation, Cerner assists clinicians in making care decisions and assists organizations in managing the health of their populations. The company also offers an integrated clinical and financial system to help manage day-to-day revenue functions, as well as a wide range of services to support clinical, financial and operational needs, focused on people.
Provides robust, broad-spectrum reduction of the risks of TTID, including sepsis, and can be used to replace bacterial detection, cytomegalovirus (CMV) and Babesia testing and gamma irradiation for prevention of transfusion-associated graft-versus-host disease (TA-GVHD). INTERCEPT Blood System for platelets and plasma utilizes amotosalen, a photoactive compound activated with ultra-violet light that specifically targets DNA and RNA, irreversibly cross-linking nucleic acids, which blocks the replication of viruses, bacteria, and parasites. Over a decade of national hemovigilance data on INTERCEPT treated platelets establishing a proven track record of safety and clinical utility. The INTERCEPT Blood System for platelets is now the standard of care in nine countries including France, Switzerland, Belgium, and Austria. ?€? INTERCEPT complies with the FDA guidance on bacterial safety in platelets and also provides a proactive solution to address pandemic preparedness. A recent study conducted at the King Abdulaziz University in Jeddah Saudi Arabia demonstrated that INTERCEPT Blood System inactivates SARS-CoV-2, the causative agent for COVID-19, in plasma components. The use of INTERCEPT provides an alternative to the three-month donor deferral period for residents of non-malaria endemic countries after traveling to malaria-endemic regions, thereby potentially improving blood component availability for hospitals, blood banks, and ultimately, patients in need. ?€? Standard of care defined as treating greater than 50% of platelets World Health Organization, https://www.who.int/news-room/facts-in-pictures/detail/blood-transfusion ABOUT CERUS Cerus Corporation is dedicated solely to safeguarding the world?€?s blood supply and aims to become the preeminent global blood products company. Based in Concord, California, our employees are dedicated to deploying and supplying vital technologies and pathogen-protected blood components for blood centers, hospitals and ultimately patients who rely on safe blood. With the INTERCEPT Blood System, we are focused on protecting patients by delivering the full complement of reliable products and expertise for transfusion medicine. Cerus develops and markets the INTERCEPT Blood System and remains the only company in the blood transfusion space to earn both CE Mark and FDA approval for pathogen reduction of both platelet and plasma components. Cerus currently markets and sells the INTERCEPT Blood System in the United States, Europe, the Commonwealth of Independent States, the Middle East and selected countries in other regions around the world. The INTERCEPT Red Blood Cell system is in clinical development.
Cemtrex, Inc. ( CETX ) is a leading multi-industry technology company that is driving innovation in markets such as Internet of Things (IoT), Augmented and Virtual Reality (AR & VR), and Artificial Intelligence and Computer Vision (AI & CV) in a wide range of sectors, including consumer products, industrial manufacturing, digital applications, and intelligent security & surveillance systems. www. cemtrex.com.


CEVA is the leading licensor of wireless connectivity and smart sensing technologies. We offer Digital Signal Processors, AI processors, wireless platforms and complementary software for sensor fusion, image enhancement, computer vision, voice input and artificial intelligence, all of which are key enabling technologies for a smarter, connected world. We partner with semiconductor companies and OEMs worldwide to create power-efficient, intelligent and connected devices for a range of end markets, including mobile, consumer, automotive, robotics, industrial and IoT. Our ultra-low-power IPs include comprehensive DSP-based platforms for 5G baseband processing in mobile and infrastructure, advanced imaging and computer vision for any camera-enabled device and audio/voice/speech and ultra-low power always-on/sensing applications for multiple IoT markets. For sensor fusion, our Hillcrest Labs sensor processing technologies provide a broad range of sensor fusion software and IMU solutions for AR/VR, robotics, remote controls, and IoT. For artificial intelligence, we offer a family of AI processors capable of handling the complete gamut of neural network workloads, on-device. For wireless IoT, we offer the industry's most widely adopted IPs for Bluetooth (low energy and dual mode), Wi-Fi 4/5/6 (802.11n/ac/ax) and NB-IoT.
CF Industries is a leading global manufacturer and distributor of nitrogen products for fertilizer, emissions abatement and other industrial applications. We operate manufacturing complexes in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom, which are among the most cost-advantaged, efficient and flexible in the world, and an unparalleled storage, transportation and distribution network in North America. Our 3,000 employees focus on safe and reliable operations, environmental stewardship and disciplined capital and corporate management, driving our strategy to leverage and sustainably grow the world?€?s most advantaged nitrogen and chemicals platform to serve customers, creating long-term shareholder value.
CF Finance Acquisition Corp III - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc., is a Kansas corporation and a registered bank holding company for its wholly-owned subsidiary CrossFirst Bank, which is headquartered in Leawood, Kansas. CrossFirst Bank has seven full-service banking offices primarily along the I-35 corridor in Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas.

CF Bankshares Inc. is a financial holding company that owns 100% of the stock of CFBank, National Association (CFBank). CFBank is a boutique Commercial bank headquartered in Columbus, Ohio. CFBank has focused on bettering the Ohio economy and serving the financial needs of closely held businesses since 1892. Over a century has passed, and yet, our focus remains the same: guide fellow Ohioans to financial stability and success with agility, ease, and care. CFBank grew from a Federal Savings Association to a National Bank in December of 2016. As CFBank has expanded, we have maintained our penchant for individualized service and direct customer access to decision makers. CFBank now has locations in four major metro Ohio markets - Columbus, Cleveland, Cincinnati, and Akron, as well as branch locations in Columbiana Country (two locations). In every location, CFBank provides commercial loans and leases, commercial and residential real estate loans and treasury management depository services, corporate treasury management, residential lending, and full-service retail banking services and products. In addition, CFBank also has a national residential lending platform. CFBank is also glad to offer its clients the convenience of online internet banking, mobile banking, and remote deposit.
C&F Bank operates 32 retail bank branches and three commercial loan offices located throughout the Hampton to Charlottesville corridor and the Northern Neck region in Virginia and offers full wealth management services through its subsidiary C&F Wealth Management, Inc. C&F Mortgage Corporation, and its subsidiary C&F Select LLC provide mortgage loan origination services through offices located in Virginia, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina and West Virginia. C&F Finance Company provides automobile, marine and RV loans through indirect lending programs offered in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia through its offices in Richmond and Hampton, Virginia.
Capitol Federal Financial is a federally chartered mid-tier mutual holding company. Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Capitol Federal Savings Bank (the Bank) is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, which is majority-owned by Capitol Federal Savings Bank MHC (MHC), a mutual holding company and majority-owner of Capitol Federal Financial. The Bank is a federally-chartered and insured savings bank. As of September 30, 2010, it had total assets of $8.49 billion, loans of $5.17 billion, deposits of $4.39 billion and total equity of $962 million. It offers a range of financial services. It attracts retail deposits from the general public and invests those funds in permanent loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied, one- to four-family residences. It also originates consumer loans, loans secured by first mortgages, multi-family and commercial real estate loans and construction loans.
. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. is one of the nation?€?s oldest and largest financial institutions, with $179.2 billion in assets as of September 30, 2020. Headquartered in Providence, Rhode Island, Citizens offers a broad range of retail and commercial banking products and services to individuals, small businesses, middle-market companies, large corporations and institutions. Citizens helps its customers reach their potential by listening to them and by understanding their needs in order to offer tailored advice, ideas and solutions. In Consumer Banking, Citizens provides an integrated experience that includes mobile and online banking, a 24/7 customer contact center and the convenience of approximately 2,700 ATMs and approximately 1,000 branches in 11 states in the New England, Mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions. Consumer Banking products and services include a full range of banking, lending, savings, wealth management and small business offerings. In Commercial Banking, Citizens offers a broad complement of financial products and solutions, including lending and leasing, deposit and treasury management services, foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity risk management solutions, as well as loan syndication, corporate finance, merger and acquisition, and debt and equity capital markets capabilities.
Citizens Financial Group Inc (New) Depositary Shs Rep Stg 1/40th Pfd Ser D Fixed/Fltg

CF Finance Acquisition Corp II
CF Finance Acquisition Corp II - Warrants (01/08/2027)
"ConforMIS has developed the only line of personalized, partial knee resurfacing implants to treat knee osteoarthritis, one of the most common conditions facing our aging population.

ConforMIS is a privately held medical device company based in Massachusetts. It was founded in 2004 to provide dramatic advancements in patient care by utilizing imaging technology to create personalized, patient-specific implants and instrumentation.

ConforMIS transforms traditional CT and MRI data into patient-specific implants and instrumentation employing two related ???????image-to-implant???????? technology platforms. Both platforms are supported by proprietary, intellectual property consisting of more than 250 patents and pending patent applications that span imaging software, image processing, implant design, surgical techniques and orthopedic instrumentation. The technology and patent portfolio is applicable to all major joint systems.

To date, ConforMIS has developed a comprehensive line of minimally traumatic implant solutions to address all stages of knee osteoarthritis, the most common reason for knee replacement surgery. Each of these devices has been cleared for marketing by the US Food and Drug Administration. Certain ConforMIS implants have also received CE Marking for the European region."
Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. is a financial holding company, headquartered in San Antonio, with $40.1 billion in assets at September 30, 2020. Frost provides a wide range of banking, investments and insurance services to businesses and individuals across Texas in the Austin, Corpus Christi, Dallas, Fort Worth, Houston, Permian Basin, Rio Grande Valley and San Antonio regions. Founded in 1868, Frost has helped clients with their financial needs during three centuries.
ContraFect is a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of direct lytic agents (DLAs), including lysins and amurin peptides, as new medical modalities for the treatment of life-threatening, antibiotic-resistant infections. An estimated 700,000 deaths worldwide each year are attributed to antimicrobial-resistant infections. We intend to address life threatening infections using our therapeutic product candidates from our platform of DLAs, which include lysins and amurin peptides. Lysins are a new class of DLAs which are recombinantly produced antimicrobial proteins with a novel mechanism of action associated with the rapid killing of target bacteria, eradication of biofilms and synergy with conventional antibiotics. Amurin peptides are a novel class of DLAs which exhibit broad-spectrum activity against a wide range of antibiotic-resistant Gram-negative pathogens, including Pseudomonas aeruginosa (P. aeruginosa ), Acinetobacter baumannii, and Enterobacter species. We believe that the properties of our lysins and amurin peptides will make them suitable for targeting antibiotic-resistant organisms, such as MRSA and P. aeruginosa, which can cause serious infections such as bacteremia, pneumonia and osteomyelitis. We have completed a Phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of Staph aureus bacteremia, including endocarditis, with our lead lysin candidate, exebacase, which is the first lysin to enter clinical studies in the U.S. Exebacase, currently being studied in a pivotal Phase 3 clinical study, was granted Breakthrough Therapy designation by the FDA for the treatment of MRSA bloodstream infections, including right-sided endocarditis, when used in addition to SOC anti-staphylococcal antibiotics in adult patients. Follow ContraFect on Twitter @ContraFectCorp and LinkedIn.
Colfax Corporation is a leading diversified technology company that provides orthopedic and fabrication technology products and services to customers around the world, principally under the DJO and ESAB brands. Colfax believes that its brands are among the most highly recognized in each of the markets that it serves. The Company uses its Colfax Business System (?€?CBS?€?), a comprehensive set of tools, processes and values, to create superior value for customers, shareholders and associates. Colfax?€?s common stock is traded on the NYSE under the ticker ?€?CFX.?€? Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Adjustments Colfax has provided in this press release financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (?€?non-GAAP?€?). These non-GAAP financial measures may include one or more of the following: adjusted net income from continuing operations, adjusted net income margin from continuing operations, adjusted net income per diluted share from continuing operations, adjusted EBITA (earnings before interest, taxes and amortization), adjusted EBITA margin, organic sales growth, and free cash flow. Colfax also provides adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBITA margin on a segment basis. Adjusted net income from continuing operations represents net income (loss) from continuing operations excluding restructuring and other related charges, European Union Medical Device Regulation (?€?MDR?€?) and other costs, debt extinguishment charges, acquisition-related amortization and other non-cash charges, and strategic transaction costs. Colfax also presents adjusted net income margin from continuing operations, which is subject to the same adjustments as adjusted net income from continuing operations. Adjusted net income per diluted share??from continuing operations represents adjusted income from continuing operations divided by the number of adjusted diluted weighted average shares. Both GAAP and non-GAAP diluted??net income per share??data is computed based on weighted average shares outstanding and, if there is net income from continuing operations (rather than net loss) during the period, the dilutive impact of share equivalents outstanding during the period. Diluted weighted average shares outstanding and adjusted diluted weighted average shares outstanding are calculated on the same basis except for the net income or loss figure used in determining whether to include such dilutive impact. Adjusted EBITA represents net income (loss) from continuing operations excluding restructuring and other related charges, MDR and other costs, acquisition-related amortization and other non-cash charges, and strategic transaction costs, as well as income tax expense(benefit) and interest expense, net. Colfax presents adjusted EBITA margin, which is subject to the same adjustments as adjusted EBITA. Further, Colfax presents adjusted EBITA (and adjusted EBITA margin) on a segment basis, where we exclude the impact of strategic transaction costs and acquisition-related amortization and other non-cash charges from segment operating income. Core or organic sales growth (decline) excludes the impact of acquisitions and foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Free cash flow represents cash flow from operating activities less purchases of property, plant and equipment. Decremental margin represents the change in Adjusted EBITA divided by the change in Net sales. These non-GAAP financial measures assist Colfax management in comparing its operating performance over time because certain items may obscure underlying business trends and make comparisons of long-term performance difficult, as they are of a nature and/or size that occur with inconsistent frequency or relate to discrete restructuring plans that are fundamentally different from the ongoing productivity improvements of the Company. Colfax management also believes that presenting these measures allows investors to view its performance using the same measures that the Company uses in evaluating its financial and business performance and trends. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information calculated in accordance with GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures presented above to GAAP results has been provided in the financial tables included in this press release. In this document, Colfax presents forward-looking adjusted EPS guidance. Colfax does not provide such outlook on a GAAP basis because changes in the items that Colfax excludes from GAAP to calculate the adjusted EPS measures can be dependent on future events that are less capable of being controlled or reliably predicted by management and are not part of Colfax?€?s routine operating activities. Additionally, management does not forecast many of the excluded items for internal use and therefore cannot create or rely on outlook done on a GAAP basis.
Colfax Corp Tangible Equity Unit
The Carlyle Group is a global investment firm with deep industry expertise that deploys private capital across four business segments: Corporate Private Equity, Real Assets, Global Credit and Investment Solutions. With $224 billion of assets under management as of December??31, 2019, Carlyle?€?s purpose is to invest wisely and create value on behalf of its investors, portfolio companies and the communities in which we live and invest. The Carlyle Group employs more than 1,775 people in 32 offices across six continents.
The Company produces and distributes humic acid-based compound fertilizers, other varieties of compound fertilizers and agricultural products through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, i.e. : Shaanxi TechTeam Jinong Humic Acid Product Co., Ltd. (?€?Jinong?€?), Beijing Gufeng Chemical Products Co., Ltd (?€?Gufeng?€?) and a variable interest entities: Xi?€?an Hu County Yuxing Agriculture Technology Development Co., Ltd. (?€?Yuxing?€?), Shaanxi Lishijie Agrochemical Co., Ltd. (?€?Lishijie?€?), Songyuan Jinyangguang Sannong Service Co., Ltd. (Jinyangguang?€?), Shenqiu County Zhenbai Agriculture Co., Ltd. (?€?Zhenbai Argi?€?), Weinan City Linwei District Wangtian Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd. (?€?Wangtian?€?), Aksu Xindeguo Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd. (Xindeguo?€?), Xinjiang Xinyulei Eco-agriculture Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (?€?Xinyulei?€?), Sunwu Xiangrong Agricultural Materials Co., Ltd. (Xiangrong), and Anhui Fengnong Seed Co. Ltd. (Fengnong).
TCG BDC is an externally managed specialty finance company focused on lending to middle-market companies. TCG BDC is managed by Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C., an SEC-registered investment adviser and a wholly owned subsidiary of The Carlyle Group Inc. Since it commenced investment operations in May 2013 through June??30, 2020, TCG BDC has invested approximately $5.9 billion in aggregate principal amount of debt and equity investments prior to any subsequent exits or repayments. TCG BDC?€?s investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation primarily through debt investments in U.S. middle market companies. TCG BDC has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
Canopy Growth (TSX:WEED,NYSE: CGC ) is a world-leading diversified cannabis, hemp and cannabis device company, offering distinct brands and curated cannabis varieties in dried, oil and Softgel capsule forms, as well as medical devices through Canopy Growth's subsidiary, Storz & Bickel GMbH & Co. KG. From product and process innovation to market execution, Canopy Growth is driven by a passion for leadership and a commitment to building a world-class cannabis company one product, site and country at a time. Canopy Growth's medical division, Spectrum Therapeutics is proudly dedicated to educating healthcare practitioners, conducting robust clinical research, and furthering the public's understanding of cannabis, and has devoted millions of dollars toward cutting edge, commercializable research and IP development. Spectrum Therapeutics sells a range of full-spectrum products using its colour-coded classification Spectrum system as well as single cannabinoid Dronabinol under the brand Bionorica Ethics. Canopy Growth operates retail stores across Canada under its award-winning Tweed and Tokyo Smoke banners. Tweed is a globally recognized cannabis brand which has built a large and loyal following by focusing on quality products and meaningful customer relationships. From our historic public listing on the Toronto Stock Exchange and New York Stock Exchange to our international expansion, pride in advancing shareholder value through leadership is engrained in all we do at Canopy Growth. Canopy Growth has established partnerships with leading sector names including cannabis icons Snoop Dogg and Seth Rogen, breeding legends DNA Genetics and Green House Seeds, as well as lifestyle guru Martha Stewart and Fortune 500 alcohol leader Constellation Brands, to name but a few.
Compugen is a clinical-stage therapeutic discovery and development company utilizing its broadly applicable, predictive computational discovery platforms to identify novel drug targets and develop therapeutics in the field of cancer immunotherapy. The Company's lead product candidate, COM701, a first-in-class anti-PVRIG antibody, for the treatment of solid tumors, is undergoing a Phase 1 clinical study. In addition, COM902, Compugen's antibody targeting TIGIT, is in a Phase 1 clinical study. The Company's therapeutic pipeline also includes early stage immuno-oncology programs focused largely on myeloid targets. Compugen is headquartered in Israel, with offices in South San Francisco, CA. The Company's shares are listed on the Nasdaq and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol CGEN.
Cancer Genetics, Inc. (CGI) is an early-stage, diagnostic company. The Company focuses on developing and commercializing genomic tests and services to improve the diagnosis, prognosis and response to treatment (theranosis) of cancer. These cancers include hematological, urogenital and human papillomavirus (HPV)-associated cancers. It provides its tests and services to oncologists and pathologists at hospitals, cancer centers, and physician offices. In January 2012, the Company received CLIA approval for MatBA-SLL, its microarray for risk stratification in small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL). In February 2013, the Company received CLIA approval for MatBA-DLBCL, its microarray for diagnosis, prognosis and patient monitoring in diffuse large B cell lymphoma (DLBCL). In addition, the Company is developing a series of other genomic tests in its core oncology markets. The Company develops and produces two types of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA)-based genomic tests: microarrays and probes.
Cognex Corporation designs, develops, manufactures and markets a wide range of image-based products, all of which use artificial intelligence (AI) techniques that give them the human-like ability to make decisions on what they see. Cognex products include machine vision systems, machine vision sensors and barcode readers that are used in factories and distribution centers around the world where they eliminate production and shipping errors. Cognex is the world's leader in the machine vision industry, having shipped more than 2.3 million image-based products, representing over $7 billion in cumulative revenue, since the company's founding in 1981. Headquartered in Natick, Massachusetts, USA, Cognex has offices and distributors located throughout the Americas, Europe and Asia.
DELISTED -
Collective Growth Corp Unit 1 Cl A & 12 Wt
Collective Growth Corp Wt
China Telecom Corporation Limited (China Telecom) is full services integrated information service operator in the People's Republic of China. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in the provision of basic communications services, including comprehensive wireline telecommunications services, mobile telecommunications services, value-added services, such as Internet access services, integrated information services and other related services within the service area of the Company. As of December 31, 2011, its subsidiaries included China Telecom System Integration Co., Limited, China Telecom (Hong Kong) International Limited, China Telecom (Americas) Corporation, China Telecom Best Tone Information Service Co.,Limited, China Telecom (Singapore) Pte. Limited and others.
DELISTED -
Chardan Healthcare Acquisition 2 Corp. Units each consisting of one share of Common Stock and one Warrant entitling the holder to purchase onehalf of a share o
Chardan Healthcare Acquisition 2 Corp. Warrants entitling the holder thereof to purchase onehalf 12 of a share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per whol
Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. (?€?Comstock?€? or ?€?CHCI?€?) is a leading real estate developer, investor, asset manager and real estate related service provider that has designed, developed, constructed and managed several thousand residential units and millions of square feet of mixed-use projects since 1985. The Company has been selected by multiple local governments to be master developer of municipally owned properties redeveloped through public-private partnerships. CHCI?€?s managed portfolio includes two of the largest transit-oriented, mixed-use developments in the Washington, D.C. area; Reston Station, a 5+ million square foot transit-oriented and mixed-use development in Reston, Virginia, and Loudoun Station, a nearly 2.5 million square foot transit-oriented, mixed-use development in Ashburn, Virginia, and additional development and stabilized assets. Comstock also acquires and operates stabilized real estate assets in partnership with institutional investors. Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. is publicly traded on??NASDAQ??under the symbol CHCI.
City Holding Company is a bank holding company. The Company conducts its principal activities through its wholly owned subsidiary, City National Bank of West Virginia (City National). Through its network of 68 banking offices in West Virginia (57 offices), Kentucky (eight offices), and Ohio (three offices), City National provides credit, deposit, trust and investment management, and insurance products and services to its customers. In addition to its branch network, City National's delivery channels include automated teller machines (ATMs), check cards, interactive voice response systems and Internet technology. The Company operates in community banking segment. The Company's loan portfolio consisted of commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, residential real estate, home equity, consumer loans, demand deposit account (DDA) overdrafts and previously securitized loans.
Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated is a real estate investment trust that focuses on owning income-producing real estate properties associated primarily with the delivery of outpatient healthcare services in our target sub-markets throughout the United States. The Company had investments of approximately $667.3 million in 131??real estate properties as of September??30, 2020, located in 33 states, totaling approximately 2.8 million square feet. Additional information regarding the Company, including this quarter's operations, can be found at www.chct.reit.
Church & Dwight Co., Inc.?? founded in 1846, is the leading U.S. producer of sodium bicarbonate, popularly known as baking soda. The Company manufactures and markets a wide range of personal care, household, and specialty products under recognized brand names as ARM & HAMMER, TROJAN, OXICLEAN, SPINBRUSH, FIRST RESPONSE, NAIR, ORAJEL, XTRA, VMS (L'IL CRITTERS and VITAFUSION), BATISTE, and WATERPIK. These eleven key brands represent approximately 80% of its consumer sales. For more information, visit the Company's website. About Brandgenuity Brandgenuity is a leading global independent brand licensing agency that extends iconic brands into products, services and experiences that delight consumers, raise brand awareness and generate revenue. The agency's clients include BMW, Sanrio, Church & Dwight, Pnina Tornai, Unilever, MGM Studios, PUR, NFLPA and others. Brandgenuity has won numerous industry awards.
Churchill Downs Incorporated is an industry-leading racing, online wagering and gaming entertainment company anchored by our iconic flagship event, the Kentucky Derby. We also own and operate three pari-mutuel gaming entertainment venues in Kentucky: Derby City Gaming; Oak Grove Racing, Gaming, and Hotel; and Newport Racing and Gaming. Our online wagering business owns and operates TwinSpires.com, the largest and most profitable online horse racing wagering platform in the U.S., and BetAmerica, an online sports betting and iGaming platform in the U.S. We are also a leader in brick-and-mortar casino gaming with approximately 11,000 slot machines and video lottery terminals and 200 table games in eight states.
Chemed Corporation (Chemed) purchases, operates and divests subsidiaries engaged in diverse business activities. During the year ended December 31, 2012, Chemed operated in two segments: the Vitas segment (Vitas) and the Roto-Rooter segment (Roto-Rooter). Vitas Healthcare Corporation focuses on hospice care, which helps make terminally ill patients' final days as comfortable as possible. Through its team of doctors, nurses, home health aides, social workers, clergy and volunteers, VITAS provides direct medical services to patients, as well as spiritual and emotional counseling to both patients and their families. Roto-Rooter provides plumbing and drain cleaning services to both residential and commercial customers. Its VITAS Healthcare Corporation (VITAS) subsidiary has acquired the operating assets of Houston-based Solari Hospice Care, effective April 1, 2013.
The Chefs?€? Warehouse, Inc. (http://www.chefswarehouse.com) is a premier distributor of specialty food products in the United States and Canada focused on serving the specific needs of chefs who own and/or operate some of the nation?€?s leading menu-driven independent restaurants, fine dining establishments, country clubs, hotels, caterers, culinary schools, bakeries, patisseries, chocolateries, cruise lines, casinos and specialty food stores. The Chefs?€? Warehouse, Inc. carries and distributes more than 55,000 products to more than 34,000 customer locations throughout the United States and Canada.
Check-Cap Ltd., a clinical stage medical diagnostics company, engages in the development of an ingestible imaging capsule that utilizes low-dose X-rays for the screening for precancerous polyps and colorectal cancer. Its lead product is an endoscopy capsule with a colon imaging system for colorectal cancer and pre-cancerous polyps that utilizes X-ray-based measurement technology to generate 3-dimensional imagery of the colon without cleansing or other aggressive bowel preparation. The company was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Mount Carmel, Israel.
Check-Cap Ltd - Warrants - Series C (03/05/2023)
CHF Solutions, Inc. is a medical device company dedicated to improving the lives of patients suffering from fluid overload through science, collaboration, and innovation. The company is focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing the Aquadex SmartFlow??? system for ultrafiltration therapy. CHF Solutions is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minn., with wholly-owned subsidiaries in Australia and Ireland. The company has been listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market since February 2012. CONTACTS: INVESTORS: Claudia Napal Drayton Chief Financial Officer CHF Solutions, Inc. 952-345-4205 Matt Bacso, CFA Gilmartin Group LLC MEDIA: Jessica Stewing Health+Commerce 260-336-6202
Consonance-HFW Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Chegg is a Smarter Way to Student. As the leading direct-to-student learning platform, we strive to improve educational outcomes by putting the student first in all our decisions. We support students on their journey from high school to college and into their career with tools designed to help them pass their test, pass their class, and save money on required materials. Our services are available online, anytime and anywhere, so we can reach students when they need us most. Chegg is a publicly held company based in Santa Clara, California and trades on the NYSE under the symbol CHGG.
?? Choice Hotels International, Inc. is one of the largest lodging franchisors in the world. With more than 7,100 hotels, representing nearly 600,000 rooms, in over 40 countries and territories as of September 30, 2020, the Choice?? family of hotel brands provide business and leisure travelers with a range of high-quality lodging options from limited service to full-service hotels in the upscale, midscale, extended-stay and economy segments. The award-winning Choice Privileges?? loyalty program offers members benefits ranging from everyday rewards to exceptional experiences.
Check Point Research provides leading cyber threat intelligence to Check Point Software customers and the greater intelligence community. The research team collects and analyzes global cyber-attack data stored on ThreatCloud to keep hackers at bay, while ensuring all Check Point products are updated with the latest protections. The research team consists of over 100 analysts and researchers cooperating with other security vendors, law enforcement and various CERTs. About Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. ( www.checkpoint.com ) is a leading provider of cyber security solutions to governments and corporate enterprises globally. Check Point?€?s solutions protect customers from 5 th generation cyber-attacks with an industry leading catch rate of malware, ransomware and advanced targeted threats. Check Point offers a multilevel security architecture, ?€?Infinity Total Protection??with Gen V advanced threat prevention?€?,??this combined product architecture defends an enterprise?€?s cloud, network and??mobile devices. Check Point provides the most comprehensive and intuitive one point of control security management system. Check Point protects over 100,000 organizations of all sizes.
China Mobile Limited is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries provide mobile telecommunications and related services in 31 provinces, autonomous regions and directly-administered municipalities in Mainland China and Hong Kong. As of December 31, 2012, its total customer reached 710 million. The Company's products and services include voice services, which refers to the business where customers make and receive calls with a mobile phone at any point within the coverage of the Company's mobile telecommunications networks; data services, which comprise short message service and multimedia messaging service (SMS & MMS), wireless data traffic, and applications and information services. As of December 31, 2012, the Company's ultimate holding entity was China Mobile Communications Corporation (CMCC). As of the same date, its subsidiaries included China Mobile Communication (BVI) Limited, China Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. (CMC) and Guangdong Mobile, among others.
Chiasma is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing oral therapies to improve the lives of patients who face challenges associated with their existing treatments for rare and serious chronic diseases. Employing its Transient Permeability Enhancer (TPE ?? ) technology platform, Chiasma seeks to develop oral medications that are currently available only as injections. On June 26, 2020, Chiasma received FDA approval of MYCAPSSA for long-term maintenance therapy in acromegaly patients who have responded to and tolerated treatment with octreotide or lanreotide. MYCAPSSA, the first and only oral somatostatin analog approved by the FDA, is available for commercial sale. Chiasma is headquartered in Needham, MA with a wholly owned subsidiary in Israel. MYCAPSSA, TPE and CHIASMA are registered trademarks of Chiasma.
Chemung Financial Corporation is a $2.2 billion financial services holding company headquartered in Elmira, New York and operates 32 retail offices through its principal subsidiary, Chemung Canal Trust Company, a full service community bank with trust powers. Established in 1833, Chemung Canal Trust Company is the oldest locally-owned and managed community bank in New York State. Chemung Financial Corporation is also the parent of CFS Group, Inc., a financial services subsidiary offering non-traditional services including mutual funds, annuities, brokerage services, tax preparation services and insurance, and Chemung Risk Management, Inc., a captive insurance company based in the State of Nevada.
Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corporation is a real estate finance company that acquires, invests in and manages residential mortgage assets in the United States.
Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corporation 8.20% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp Fixed/Fltg Pfd Ser B Rate
Change Healthcare is a leading independent healthcare technology company that provides data and analytics-driven solutions to improve clinical, financial and patient engagement outcomes in the U.S. healthcare system. We are a key catalyst of a value-based healthcare system, accelerating the journey toward improved lives and healthier communities.
Change Healthcare Inc Unit
China Natural Resources, Inc., a British Virgin Islands corporation, through its operating subsidiaries in the PRC, is currently engaged in (a) the acquisition and exploitation of mining rights in Inner Mongolia, including preliminary exploration for lead, silver and other nonferrous metal, and (b) copper trading in the PRC, and is actively exploring business opportunities in the healthcare and other non-natural resources sectors.

CHP Merger Corp Unit 1 Cl A & 1 Wt Exp 11212026

With 30 years of experience, Charah?? Solutions, Inc. is a leading provider of environmental and maintenance services to the power generation industry, with operations in fossil fuel and nuclear power generation sites across the country. Based in Louisville, Kentucky, Charah Solutions assists utilities with all aspects of managing and recycling ash byproducts generated from the combustion of coal in the production of electricity as well as routine power plant maintenance and outage services for the fossil fuel and nuclear power generation industry. The Company also designs and implements solutions for ash pond management and closure, landfill construction, fly ash sales, and structural fill projects. Charah Solutions is the partner of choice for solving customers' most complex environmental challenges, and as an industry leader in quality, safety, and compliance, the Company is committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions for a cleaner energy future.
Coherus Biosciences, Inc., a late-stage clinical biologics platform company, focuses on developing and commercializing biosimilar products worldwide. Its clinical stage pipeline consists of CHS-0214, an etanercept biosimilar candidate, which is in two Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis; CHS-1420, an adalimumab biosimilar candidate that has completed a Phase I study to treat psoriasis or rheumatoid arthritis; and CHS-1701, a pegfilgrastim biosimilar candidate, which has completed a Phase I study for the treatment of breast cancer patients exhibiting chemotherapy-induced neutropenia. The company was formerly known as BioGenerics, Inc. and changed its name to Coherus Biosciences, Inc. in April 2012. Coherus Biosciences, Inc. was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Redwood City, California.
C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (C.H. Robinson) is a third party logistics company. The Company provides freight transportation services and logistics solutions to companies of all sizes, in a range of industries. The Company operates through a network of 276 offices, which the Company calls branches, in North America, Europe, Asia, South America, and Australia. The Company has developed global transportation and distribution networks to provide transportation and supply chain services worldwide. In addition to transportation, the Company provides sourcing services (Sourcing). The Company's Sourcing business is primarily the buying, selling, and marketing of fresh produce. The Company supplies fresh produce through its network of independent produce growers and suppliers. The Company's customers include grocery retailers and restaurants, produce wholesalers, and foodservice distributors.
Chico's FAS is a Florida -based fashion company founded in 1983 on Sanibel Island, Fla. The Company reinvented the fashion retail experience by creating fashion communities anchored by service, which put the customer at the center of everything we do. As one of the leading fashion retailers in North America, Chico's FAS is a company of three unique brands ?€? Chico's, White House Black Market and Soma ?€? each thriving in their own white space, founded by women, led by women, providing solutions that millions of women say give them confidence and joy. Our Company has a passion for fashion, and each day, we provide clothing, shoes and accessories, intimate apparel and expert styling in our brick-and-mortar boutiques, digital online boutiques and through Style Connect, the Company's proprietary digital styling tool that enables customers to conveniently shop wherever, whenever and however they prefer. As of February 1, 2020, the Company operated 1,341 stores in the U.S. and Canada and sold merchandise through 70 international franchise locations in Mexico and 2 domestic franchise airport locations. The Company's merchandise also is available at www.chicos.com, www.chicosofftherack.com, www.whbm.com, www.soma.com and www.mytelltale.com.
CHS Inc., an integrated agricultural company, provides grain, foods, and energy resources to businesses and consumers worldwide. It operates in three segments: Energy, Ag, and Corporate and Other. The Energy segment operates petroleum refineries, pipelines, and gas stations; supplies, markets, and distributes refined fuels, such as gasoline, diesel fuel, propane, asphalt, and other related products; and blends, sells, and distributes lubricants. This segment processes crude oil into refined petroleum products and sells them under the Cenex brand name to member cooperatives and others through a network of approximately 1,400 independent retail sites, as well as offers transportation services. The Ag segment purchases and sells crop nutrients, such as nitrogen products, which include ammonia, urea ammonia nitrate solution, and urea, as well as phosphate and potash based products; purchases grain from farmers, as well as manufactures and sells seeds, crop nutrients, crop protection products, energy products, animal feed, animal health products, and processed sunflower products; markets corn, soybeans, wheat, and distillers dried grains with solubles; and processes and converts soybeans into soybean meal, soy flour, crude soybean oil, refined soybean oil, and associated by-products. The Corporate and Other segment is involved in wheat milling activities; and producing and distributing vegetable oil-based products, including margarine, salad dressing, and other food products. This segment also provides seasonal and term loans to member cooperatives and individual producers; commodity risk management brokerage and consulting services primarily in the areas of agriculture and energy; and insurance products comprising property and casualty, group benefits, and surety bonds to agribusinesses. CHS Inc. is headquartered in Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota.
CHS Inc., an integrated agricultural company, provides grain, foods, and energy resources to businesses and consumers worldwide. It operates in three segments: Energy, Ag, and Corporate and Other. The Energy segment operates petroleum refineries, pipelines, and gas stations; supplies, markets, and distributes refined fuels, such as gasoline, diesel fuel, propane, asphalt, and other related products; and blends, sells, and distributes lubricants. This segment processes crude oil into refined petroleum products and sells them under the Cenex brand name to member cooperatives and others through a network of approximately 1,400 independent retail sites, as well as offers transportation services. The Ag segment purchases and sells crop nutrients, such as nitrogen products, which include ammonia, urea ammonia nitrate solution, and urea, as well as phosphate and potash based products; purchases grain from farmers, as well as manufactures and sells seeds, crop nutrients, crop protection products, energy products, animal feed, animal health products, and processed sunflower products; markets corn, soybeans, wheat, and distillers dried grains with solubles; and processes and converts soybeans into soybean meal, soy flour, crude soybean oil, refined soybean oil, and associated by-products. The Corporate and Other segment is involved in wheat milling activities; and producing and distributing vegetable oil-based products, including margarine, salad dressing, and other food products. This segment also provides seasonal and term loans to member cooperatives and individual producers; commodity risk management brokerage and consulting services primarily in the areas of agriculture and energy; and insurance products comprising property and casualty, group benefits, and surety bonds to agribusinesses. CHS Inc. is headquartered in Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota.
CHS Inc., an integrated agricultural company, provides grain, foods, and energy resources to businesses and consumers worldwide. It operates in three segments: Energy, Ag, and Corporate and Other. The Energy segment operates petroleum refineries, pipelines, and gas stations; supplies, markets, and distributes refined fuels, such as gasoline, diesel fuel, propane, asphalt, and other related products; and blends, sells, and distributes lubricants. This segment processes crude oil into refined petroleum products and sells them under the Cenex brand name to member cooperatives and others through a network of approximately 1,400 independent retail sites, as well as offers transportation services. The Ag segment purchases and sells crop nutrients, such as nitrogen products, which include ammonia, urea ammonia nitrate solution, and urea, as well as phosphate and potash based products; purchases grain from farmers, as well as manufactures and sells seeds, crop nutrients, crop protection products, energy products, animal feed, animal health products, and processed sunflower products; markets corn, soybeans, wheat, and distillers dried grains with solubles; and processes and converts soybeans into soybean meal, soy flour, crude soybean oil, refined soybean oil, and associated by-products. The Corporate and Other segment is involved in wheat milling activities; and producing and distributing vegetable oil-based products, including margarine, salad dressing, and other food products. This segment also provides seasonal and term loans to member cooperatives and individual producers; commodity risk management brokerage and consulting services primarily in the areas of agriculture and energy; and insurance products comprising property and casualty, group benefits, and surety bonds to agribusinesses. CHS Inc. is headquartered in Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota.
No Description Available
CHS Inc. (CHS) is an integrated agricultural company. As a cooperative, the Company is owned by farmers and ranchers and their member cooperatives (members) across the United States. The Company buys commodities from and provide products and services to patrons (including its members and other non-member customers), both domestic and international. It provides a variety of products and services, from initial agricultural inputs, such as fuels, farm supplies, crop nutrients and crop protection products, to agricultural outputs, which include grains and oilseeds, grain and oilseed processing and food products. A portion of its operations are conducted through equity investments and joint ventures. The Company has three segments: Energy, Ag Business, and Corporate and Other. In August 2012, it acquired Atman. Effective July 28, 2013, CHS Inc, a unit of Hamilton Farm Bureau Co-Operative Inc, acquired a 50% interest in AgFarm Pty Ltd, from Ruralco Holdings Ltd.
Chunghwa Telecom (TAIEX 2412,NYSE: CHT ) ("Chunghwa" or "the Company") is Taiwan's largest integrated telecommunications services company that provides fixed-line, mobile, broadband, and internet services. The Company also provides information and communication technology services to corporate customers with its big data, information security, cloud computing and IDC capabilities, and is expanding its business into innovative technology services such as IoT, AI, etc. In recent years, Chunghwa has been actively involved in corporate social responsibility and has won domestic and international awards and recognition.
Charter Communications, Inc. (Charter) provides cable services in the United States, offering a range of entertainment, information and communications solutions to residential and commercial customers. Its infrastructure consists of a hybrid fiber coaxial cable plant passing approximately 12 million homes, with 98% of homes passed at 550 megahertz or greater and 98% of plant miles two-way active. A national Internet protocol (IP) infrastructure interconnects Charter markets. During the year ended December 31, 2011, it generated 50% revenue from its residential video service. During 2011, it also generated revenue from Internet, telephone service and advertising. As of December 31, 2011, it served approximately 5.2 million residential and commercial customers. In July 2013, Charter Communications Inc and Cablevision Systems Corp announced the completion of acquisition of Cablevision's Bresnan Broadband Holdings, LLC (Optimum West).
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited, an investment holding company, provides telecommunications services in the People??s Republic of China. The company offers cellular and fixed-line voice and related value-added, broadband and other Internet-related, information communications technology, and business and data communications services. It also provides GSM cellular voice, WCDMA cellular voice, TD-LTE cellular voice, LTE FDD cellular voice, and related value-added services; Internet information services; communications technology training, development, and promotion services; and telecommunications network construction, planning, and technical consulting services. In addition, the company offers consultancy, survey, design, and contract services relating to information and construction projects in the telecommunications industry; technical support, manufacturing, research, and design services for SIM/USIM cards and other telecommunications cards; project consultation and management services; and property management services. Further, it provides e??payment; advertising design, production, agency, and publication; magazine publishing; telecommunications networks leasing; and technology development, transfer, and consulting services, as well as sells handsets and telecommunications equipment. Additionally, the company is involved in venture capital investment business. As of January 31, 2015, it served 450 million mobile, fixed-line broadband, and local access subscribers. The company was founded in 2000 and is based in Central, Hong Kong. China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited is a subsidiary of China United Network Communications Group Company Limited.
Chuy's Holdings, Inc. (Chuy's) is a full-service restaurant concept offering a distinct menu of authentic, freshly-prepared Mexican and Tex Mex inspired food. The Company offers menu during lunch and dinner, which includes enchiladas, fajitas, tacos, burritos, combination platters and daily specials, complemented by a range of appetizers, soups and salads. Each of its restaurants also offers a range of authentic, flavorful, homemade sauces, including the signature Hatch green chile and creamy jalapeno sauces. It also offers a full-service bar in all of its restaurants providing its guests a range of value-oriented beverage offerings. In June 2013, Chuy's Holdings Inc announced the opening of its newest location in Charlotte, North Carolina. In July 2013, the Company announced the opening of its newest location in Greenville, South Carolina.
Our mission is to be the most trusted and convenient online destination for pet parents everywhere. We believe that we are the preeminent online source for pet products, supplies and prescriptions as a result of our broad selection of high-quality products, which we offer at competitive prices and deliver with an exceptional level of care and a personal touch. We continually develop innovative ways for our customers to engage with us, and partner with more than 2,000 of the best and most trusted brands in the pet industry to bring a high-bar, customer-centric experience to our customers.
Apergy Corp
Cigna Corporation (Cigna) is a holding company. Cigna is a global health service company, with insurance subsidiaries that are providers of medical, dental, disability, life and accident insurance and related products and services. In the United States, these products and services are offered through employers and other groups, and in selected international markets, Cigna offers supplemental health, life and accident insurance products and international health care coverage and services to businesses, governmental and non-governmental organizations and individuals. Cigna operates in five segments: Health Care, Disability and Life, International, Run-off Reinsurance, and Other Operations, including Corporate-owned Life Insurance. September 2013, Cigna Corporation completed its acquisition of Alegis Care, a portfolio company of Triton Pacific Capital Partners. Effective September 3, 2013, Cigna Corp acquired Home Physicians Management LLC.
Citizens, Inc.??is a financial services company listed on the??New York Stock Exchange??under the symbol CIA. The Company utilizes a three-pronged strategy for growth based upon worldwide sales of??U.S. Dollar-denominated whole life cash value insurance policies, life insurance product sales in the??U.S.??and final expense and limited liability property product sales in the U.S.
Bancolombia S.A., a full service financial institution, provides various banking products and services to individual and corporate customers. It operates through Banking Colombia, Banking Panama, Banking El Salvador, Leasing, Trust, Investment Banking, Brokerage, Off Shore, Insurance, and All Other segments. The company offers checking and savings accounts, fixed term deposits, and investment products; and trade financing, lease financing, financing for industrial projects, loans funded by domestic development banks, working capital loans, credit cards, personal and vehicle loans, payroll loans, and overdrafts. It also provides mortgage banking, factoring, treasury, cash management, foreign currency, and bancassurance and insurance services; trust services, including money market accounts, mutual and pension funds, private equity funds, payment trust, custody services, and corporate trust; corporate and project finance advisory, underwriting, capital markets, and private equity management services. In addition, the company offers brokerage, investment advisory, and private banking services, including selling and distributing equities, futures, foreign currencies, fixed income securities, mutual funds, and structured products; and investment banking services, such as advising and assisting companies from various economic sectors in project finance, capital markets, capital investments, M&A, restructurings, corporate lending, etc. Further, it provides financial and operational leases, including cross-border and international leasing services; trust and fiduciary services; loan management services; transportation services; and real estate brokerage services. Additionally, the company operates mobile network; and is involved in car rental and outsourcing activities. As of December 31, 2013, it had 1,090 offices. The company also operates approximately 4,310 automatic teller machines. Bancolombia S.A. was founded in 1945 and is headquartered in Medellin, Colombia.
For more than twenty years, Cinedigm has led the digital transformation of the entertainment industry. Today, Cinedigm entertains hundreds of millions of consumers around the globe by providing premium content, streaming channels and technology services to the world?€?s largest media, technology and retail companies.
Ciena is a networking systems, services and software company. We provide solutions that help our customers create the Adaptive Network??? in response to the constantly changing demands of their users. By delivering best-in-class networking technology through high-touch consultative relationships, we build the world?€?s most agile networks with automation, openness and scale. For updates on Ciena, follow us on Twitter @Ciena, LinkedIn, the Ciena Insights blog, or visit www.ciena.com.
Companhia Energ??tica de Minas Gerais - CEMIG, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in the generation, transformation, transmission, distribution, and sale of electric energy primarily in Minas Gerais, Brazil. As of December 31, 2013, the company generated electricity at 64 hydroelectric plants, 3 thermoelectric plants, and 3 wind farms with a total installed capacity of 7,145.3 megawatts; and owned and operated 13,670 miles of transmission lines and 330,734 miles of distribution lines. It is also involved in the exploration, production, acquisition, transportation, distribution, and sale of natural gas; and the provision of signal transportation and access services for point-to-point and point-to-multipoint applications to telecommunications operators and Internet service providers on a clear channel basis, as well as services related to the sale and trade of electricity in the Brazilian electricity sector. The company was founded in 1952 and is headquartered in Belo Horizonte, Brazil.
Companhia Energetica de Minas Gerais-Cemig ADS
Colliers International (NASDAQ, TSX: CIGI) is a leading diversified professional services and investment management company. With operations in 68 countries, our more than 15,000 enterprising professionals work collaboratively to provide expert advice to maximize the value of property for real estate occupiers, owners and investors. For more than 25 years, our experienced leadership, owning approximately 40% of our equity, has delivered compound annual investment returns of almost 20% for shareholders. In 2019, corporate revenues were more than $3.0 billion ($3.5 billion including affiliates), with $33 billion of assets under management in our investment management segment.
China Index Holdings Ltd
CHINA INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT CORP
CIIG Merger Corp Units 1 Ord Class A & 12 War
CIIG Merger Corp Wt Exp 12312026
We are a publicly traded REIT that is primarily engaged in the business of investing directly or indirectly through our subsidiaries, on a leveraged basis, in a diversified portfolio of real estate assets, including mortgage loans, Agency RMBS, Non-Agency RMBS, Agency CMBS, and other real estate assets.
Chimera Investment Corporation 8.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Chimera Investment Corporation 8.00% Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Chimera Investment Corporation 7.75% Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Chimera Investment Corp 8.125% Fixed/Fltg Pfd Ser D To 03/30/2026
Cincinnati Financial Corporation offers primarily business, home and auto insurance through The??Cincinnati Insurance Company and its two standard market property casualty companies. The same local independent insurance agencies that market those policies may offer products of our other subsidiaries, including life insurance, fixed annuities and surplus lines property and casualty insurance.

City Office REIT is an internally-managed real estate company focused on acquiring, owning and operating high-quality office properties located in leading 18-hour cities in the Southern and Western United States. City Office currently owns or has a controlling interest in 5.8 million square feet of office properties. The Company has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
City Office REIT Inc. 6.625% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
CIRCOR International is one of the world?€?s leading providers of mission critical flow control products and services for the Industrial and Aerospace & Defense markets. The Company has a product portfolio of market-leading brands serving its customers?€? most demanding applications. CIRCOR markets its solutions directly and through various sales partners to more than 14,000 customers in approximately 100 countries. The Company has a global presence with approximately 3,200 employees and is headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts.
CIT Group Inc. is a bank holding company (BHC) together with its owned subsidiaries (CIT), provides primarily commercial financing and leasing products and other services to small and middle market businesses across a range of industries. CIT operates principally in North America, with locations in Europe, Latin America and Asia. CIT operates in five segments: Corporate Finance, Transportation Finance, Trade Finance, Vendor Finance and Consumer. CIT's products include asset-based loans, secured lines of credit, enterprise value and cash flow loans, leases: operating, finance and leveraged, factoring services, vendor financing, import and export financing, small business loans, acquisition and expansion financing, letters of credit / trade acceptances and debtor-in-possession / turnaround financing. In March 2012, the Company purchased aircraft loan portfolio consisting of seven aviation loan facilities to several the United States airlines.
Civista Bancshares, Inc. is a $2.3 billion financial holding company headquartered in Sandusky, Ohio. The Company's banking subsidiary, Civista Bank, operates 38 locations in Northern, Central and Southwestern Ohio, Southeastern Indiana and Northern Kentucky. Civista Bancshares, Inc. may be accessed at www.civb.com. The Company's common shares are traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol "CIVB". The Company's depositary shares, each representing a 1/40 th ownership interest in a Series B Preferred Share, are traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol "CIVBP".
CompX International Inc. is a manufacturer of security products used in the recreational transportation, postal, office and institutional furniture, cabinetry, tool storage, healthcare and a variety of other industries. The Company is also a manufacturer of stainless steel exhaust systems, gauges, and throttle controls for the marine industry. The Company operates in three segments: Security Products, Furniture Components and Marine Components. It manufactures engineered components that are sold to a variety of industries, including office furniture, recreational transportation (including boats), mailboxes, toolboxes, home appliances, banking equipment, vending equipment and computer-related equipment.
CI Financial Corp. is an independent company offering global asset management and wealth management advisory services. The company held total assets of C$202 billion as at October 31, 2020. CI?€?s primary asset management businesses are CI Global Asset Management and GSFM Pty Ltd., and it operates in wealth management through Assante Wealth Management (Canada) Ltd., CI Private Counsel LP, Aligned Capital Partners Inc., CI Direct Investing (WealthBar Financial Services Inc.), CI Investment Services Inc., Balasa Dinverno Foltz LLC, Bowling Portfolio Management LLC, The Cabana Group, LLC, Congress Wealth Management, One Capital Management, LLC, and Surevest LLC. CI trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol CIX and on the New York Stock Exchange under CIXX.
Citizens Holding Company, headquartered in??Philadelphia, Mississippi, is a financial holding company that owns??The Citizens Bank of Philadelphia. Citizens currently has 23 banking locations in Mississippi and offers full-service commercial banking, mortgage lending and title insurance services in addition to a full range of Internet banking services. As of March 31, 2019, Citizens had $1.1 billion in total assets, $840 million in deposits, and $447 million in gross loans.
China Jo-Jo Drugstores, Inc. (China Jo-Jo) is a retailer and distributor of pharmaceutical and other healthcare products in the People's Republic of China (PRC or China). The Company has 51 store locations under two store brands: 46 Jiuzhou Grand Pharmacy stores in Hangzhou, and Five Lydia Grand Pharmacy stores in Shanghai, including one Lydia Zhongxing Grand Pharmacy, one Lydia Weifang Grand Pharmacy, one Lydia Chaling Grand Pharmacy and one Lydia Zhenguang Grand Pharmacy. The Company's stores provide customers with a wide variety of pharmaceutical products, including prescription and over-the-counter (OTC) drugs, nutritional supplements, traditional Chinese medicine (TCM), personal and family care products, and medical devices, as well as convenience products including consumable, seasonal and promotional items.
SEACOR Holdings Inc is a global provider of equipment and services primarily supporting the offshore oil and gas and marine transportation industries. The Company offers customers a diversified suite of services, including offshore marine, aviation, inland river, marine transportation, crisis and emergency management preparedness and response solutions, commodity trading and logistics and offshore and harbor towing. On March 19, 2012, J.F. Lehman & Company acquired National Response Corporation and its affiliated businesses NRC Environmental Services, SEACOR Response, and SEACOR Environmental Products (collectively NRC) from the Company. In January 2013, the Company sold its energy trading division, SEACOR Energy Inc. to Par Petroleum Corporation. On January 31, 2013, it completed the spin off its Era Group Inc unit (Era).

CKX Lands, Inc. owns land and mineral interests, all of which are located in Southwest Louisiana. The Company collects income from this land in the form of oil and gas royalties, agriculture rentals and timber sales. The Company is not involved in the exploration or production of oil and gas nor does it actively farm its lands. These activities are performed by others for royalties or rentals. Parts of the Company's land are owned in division with other owners. The Company's ownership share in most of this acreage is one-sixth. The owners jointly operate an entity known as Walker Louisiana Properties (WLP) to manage this acreage. The Company's customers are those who have mineral leases on the Company's property or purchase the timber in competitive bids or execute farming leases. As of December 31, 2011, the Company owns a total of 12,505 net acres in the Louisiana Parishes of Allen, Beauregard, Calcasieu, Cameron, Jefferson Davis, LaFourche, Sabine, St. Landry and Vermilion.
Colgate-Palmolive is a leading global consumer products company with 34,000 people dedicated to improving the health and wellness of people and their pets. Focused on Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition and reaching more than 200 countries and territories, Colgate teams are developing, producing, distributing and selling health and hygiene products and pet nutrition offerings essential to society through brands such as Colgate, Palmolive, elmex, meridol, Tom?€?s of Maine, hello, Sorriso, Speed Stick, Softsoap, Irish Spring, Protex, Sanex, Filorga, eltaMD, PCA Skin, Ajax, Axion, Fabuloso, Soupline and Suavitel, as well as Hill?€?s Science Diet and Hill?€?s Prescription Diet. The Company also is recognized for its leadership and innovation in promoting environmental sustainability and community wellbeing, including its achievements in saving water, reducing waste, promoting recyclability and improving the oral health of children through its Bright Smiles, Bright Futures program, which has reached more than one billion children since 1991.
Colonnade Acquisition Corp - Class A
Colonnade Acquisition Corp
Colonnade Acquisition Corp - Warrants (01/01/9999)
Headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah, Clarus Corporation is a leading developer, manufacturer and distributor of best-in class outdoor equipment and lifestyle products focused on the climb, ski, mountain, and sport markets. With a strong reputation for innovation, style, quality, design, safety and durability, Clarus?€? portfolio of iconic brands includes Black Diamond??, Sierra??, Barnes??, PIEPS??, and SKINourishment?? sold through specialty and online retailers, distributors and original equipment manufacturers throughout the U.S. and internationally.
Core Laboratories N.V. (Core Lab) is a provider of reservoir description, production enhancement and reservoir management services to the oil and gas industry. These products and services are directed toward enabling the Company's clients to improve reservoir performance, and increase oil and gas recovery from their producing fields. Core Lab operates in three business segments: reservoir description, production enhancement and reservoir management. Reservoir Description encompasses the characterization of petroleum reservoir rock, fluid and gas samples. It provides analytical and field services to characterize properties of crude oil and petroleum products to the oil and gas industry. Production Enhancement includes products and services relating to reservoir well completions, perforations, stimulations and production. Core Lab provides integrated services to evaluate the effectiveness of well completions and to develop solutions for the oil recovery projects.
COMMERCIAL BANKSHARES INC
Caladrius Biosciences, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of cellular therapies designed to reverse disease. We are developing first-in-class cell therapy products based on the finely tuned mechanisms for self-repair that exist in the human body. Our technology leverages and enables these mechanisms in the form of specific cells, using formulations and modes of delivery unique to each medical indication. The Company?€?s current product candidates include: HONEDRA?? (formerly CLBS12), recipient of SAKIGAKE designation and eligible for early conditional approval in Japan for the treatment of critical limb ischemia (?€?CLI?€?) based on the results of an ongoing clinical trial; CLBS14, a Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy (?€?RMAT?€?) designated therapy for which the Company has finalized with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the ?€?FDA?€?) a protocol for a Phase 3 confirmatory trial in subjects with no-option refractory disabling angina (?€?NORDA?€?); CLBS16, the subject of both a recently completed positive Phase 2a study and a newly initiated Phase 2b study in the U.S. for the treatment of coronary microvascular dysfunction (?€?CMD?€?); and CLBS119, an emergent CD34+ stem cell therapy responding to the COVID-19 pandemic and the potentially permanent damage the virus inflicts on the lungs of many patients.
Collectors Universe, Inc. is a leading provider of value-added services to the collectibles markets. The Company authenticates and grades collectible coins, trading cards, event tickets, autographs and memorabilia (?€?collectibles?€?). The Company also compiles and publishes authoritative information about United States and world coins, collectible trading cards and sports memorabilia and operates its CCE dealer-to-dealer Internet bid-ask market for certified coins and its Expos trade show and conventions business.
Cortland Bancorp is a financial holding company headquartered in Cortland, Ohio. Founded in 1892, the bank subsidiary, The Cortland Savings and Banking Company conducts business through 13 full-service community banking offices located in the counties of Trumbull, Mahoning, Portage, Summit, and Cuyahoga in Northeastern Ohio and a financial service center in Fairlawn, Ohio.
At Cloudera, we believe that data can make what is impossible today, possible tomorrow. We empower people to transform complex data into clear and actionable insights. Cloudera delivers an enterprise data cloud for any data, anywhere, from the Edge to AI. Powered by the relentless innovation of the open source community, Cloudera advances digital transformation for the world's largest enterprises.
Chatham Lodging Trust is a self-advised, publicly-traded real estate investment trust focused primarily on investing in upscale, extended-stay hotels and premium-branded, select-service hotels. The company owns interests in 86 hotels totaling 12,040 rooms/suites, comprised of 40 properties it wholly owns with an aggregate of 6,092 rooms/suites in 15 states and the District of Columbia and a minority investment in the Innkeepers joint venture that owns 46 hotels with an aggregate of 5,948 rooms/suites.
Celldex is developing targeted therapeutics to address devastating diseases for which available treatments are inadequate. Our pipeline includes immunotherapies and other targeted biologics derived from a broad set of complementary technologies which have the ability to engage the human immune system and/or directly inhibit tumors to treat specific types of cancer or other diseases. Visit www.celldex.com. Company Contact Sarah Cavanaugh Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs & Administration Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. (781) 433-3161 scavanaugh@celldex.com
China Liberal, headquartered in Beijing, is an educational services provider in China. It provides a wide range of services, including those under Sino-foreign jointly managed academic programs; overseas study consulting services; technological consulting services for Chinese universities to improve their campus information and data management system and to optimize their teaching, operating and management environment, creating a ?€?smart campus?€?; and tailored job readiness training to graduating students.
Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. is an international mining and natural resources company. The Company is an iron ore producer and a producer of metallurgical coal. The Company's operations are organized according to product category and geographic location: U.S. Iron Ore, Eastern Canadian Iron Ore, North American Coal, Asia Pacific Iron Ore, Asia Pacific Coal, Latin American Iron Ore, Ferroalloys, and its Global Exploration Group. The Company operates in four segments: U.S. Iron Ore, Eastern Canadian Iron Ore, North American Coal and Asia Pacific Iron Ore. In the United States, it operates five iron ore mines in Michigan and Minnesota, five metallurgical coal mines located in West Virginia and Alabama and one thermal coal mine located in West Virginia. It also operates two iron ore mines in Eastern Canada that primarily provide iron ore to the seaborne market for Asian steel producers. On May 12, 2011, the Company completed the acquisition of Consolidated Thompson Iron Mining Limited.
. Clearfield, Inc. designs, manufactures and distributes fiber optic management, protection and delivery products for communications networks. Our ?€?fiber to anywhere?€? platform serves the unique requirements of leading incumbent local exchange carriers (traditional carriers), competitive local exchange carriers (alternative carriers), and MSO/cable TV companies, while also catering to the broadband needs of the utility/municipality, enterprise, data center and military markets. Headquartered in Minneapolis, MN, Clearfield deploys more than a million fiber ports each year.
CollPlant Holdings Ltd
CoreLogic, Inc. (CoreLogic), is a provider of property information, analytics and services provider in the United States of America and Australia. The Company provides detailed coverage of property, mortgages and other encumbrances, consumer credit, tenancy, location, hazard risk and related performance information. The markets the Company serves include real estate and mortgage finances, insurance, capital markets and government. The Company offers its customers databases of public, contributory data covering real property and mortgages information, judgments and liens, parcel and geospatial data, criminal background records, national coverage eviction information, non-prime lending records, credit information, and tax information, among other data types. The Company operates in three segments: data and analytics, mortgage origination services and asset management and processing solutions.
Clean Harbors is North America?€?s leading provider of environmental and industrial services. The Company serves a diverse customer base, including a majority of Fortune 500 companies. Its customer base spans a number of industries, including chemical, energy and manufacturing, as well as numerous government agencies. These customers rely on Clean Harbors to deliver a broad range of services such as end-to-end hazardous waste management, emergency spill response, industrial cleaning and maintenance, and recycling services. Through its Safety-Kleen subsidiary, Clean Harbors also is North America?€?s largest re-refiner and recycler of used oil and a leading provider of parts washers and environmental services to commercial, industrial and automotive customers. Founded in 1980 and based in Massachusetts, Clean Harbors operates in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Puerto Rico and India.
Mack-Cali Realty Corporation is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT), which owns and operates a real estate portfolios consisted of Class A office and office/flex properties located in the Northeast. In January 2013, it acquired Alterra at Overlook Ridge IA in Metro Boston. In March 2013, it acquired the 828-unit multi-family property known as Crystal House in the Crystal City section of Arlington, Virginia. In April 2013, it acquired Alterra at Overlook Ridge IB in Metro Boston. In April 2013, the Company sold its 55 Corporate Drive office building located in Bridgewater, New Jersey. In July 2013, the Company sold its commercial office property at 40 Richards Avenue in Norwalk, Connecticut to The Davis Companies. Effective November 21, 2013, Mack-Cali Realty Corp acquired Park Square, a owner and operator of apartment buildings.

Climate Change Crisis Real Impact I Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/2 War)
Climate Change Crisis Real Impact I Acquisition Corp - Warrants (15/09/2025)
ClearSign Technologies Corporation designs and develops products and technologies for the purpose of improving key performance characteristics of industrial and commercial combustion and fuel safety systems, including??operational performance, energy efficiency, emission reduction, safety and overall cost-effectiveness. Our patented technologies, embedded in established OEM products as ClearSign Core??? and ClearSign Eye?????and other sensing configurations, enhance the performance of combustion systems and fuel safety systems in a broad range of markets, including the energy (upstream oil production and down-stream refining), commercial/industrial boiler, chemical, petrochemical, transport and power industries.
Cellectis, develops immuno-oncology products based on gene-edited T-cells that express chimeric antigen receptors for the treatment of cancers. Its lead product candidate is UCART19, an engineered T-cell product candidate for the treatment of CD19 expressing hematologic malignancies that developed in acute lymphoblastic leukemia and chronic lymphocytic leukemia. The company??s products also include UCART123 for acute myeloid leukemia indications, and UCART38 and UCARTCS1 for multiple myeloma indications. It has strategic alliances with Les Laboratoires Servier SAS to develop and commercialize product candidates targeting leukemia and solid tumors; and Pfizer Inc. to generate CAR T-cells in the field of oncology. Cellectis was founded in 1999 and is based in Paris, France.
Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P. is a master limited partnership and a leading independent producer of high-quality, specialty hydrocarbon products in North America. Calumet processes crude oil and other feedstocks into customized lubricating oils, solvents and waxes used in consumer, industrial and automotive products; produces fuel products including gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. Calumet is based in Indianapolis, Indiana, and operates nine manufacturing facilities located in northwest Louisiana, northern Montana, western Pennsylvania, Texas and eastern Missouri. SOURCE Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P. Related Links http://www.calumetspecialty.com
Colony NorthStar Credit Real Estate Inc. Class A
Clean Energy Fuels Corp. is North America?€?s leading provider of the cleanest fuel for the transportation market. Through its sales of Redeem??? renewable natural gas (RNG), which is derived from capturing biogenic methane produced from decomposing organic waste, Clean Energy allows thousands of vehicle fleets, from airport shuttles to city buses to waste and heavy-duty trucks, to reduce their amount of climate-harming greenhouse gas by at least 70% and even up to 300% depending on the source of the RNG. Clean Energy can deliver Redeem through compressed natural gas (CNG) and liquified natural gas (LNG) to its network of approximately 540 fueling stations across the U.S. and Canada.
Colony Capital, Inc. (NYSE: CLNY) is a leading global investment management firm with assets under management of $43 billion. The company manages capital on behalf of its stockholders, as well as institutional and retail investors in private funds, non-traded and traded real estate investment trusts and registered investment companies. Colony Capital has significant holdings in: (a) the healthcare, industrial and hospitality property sectors; (b) Colony Credit Real Estate, Inc. (NYSE: CLNC) and NorthStar Realty Europe Corp. (NYSE: NRE), which are both externally managed by subsidiaries of Colony Capital; and (c) various other equity and debt investments. Colony Capital is headquartered in Los Angeles with over 400 employees in offices located across 19 cities in ten countries. For additional information regarding the Company and its management and business, please refer to www.clny.com.
Colony Capital Inc. 7.50% Series G cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred stock
Colony Capital Inc. 7.125% Series H cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred stock
Colony Capital Inc. 7.15% Series I Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock
Colony Capital Inc. 7.125% Series J Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock
Clipper Realty Inc. is a self-administered and self-managed real estate company that acquires, owns, manages, operates and repositions multifamily residential and commercial properties in the New York metropolitan area, with a portfolio in Manhattan and Brooklyn.
CLPS Inc - Ordinary Shares
CELLPOINT INC
Continental Resources is a top 10 independent oil producer in the U.S. Lower 48 and a leader in America's energy renaissance. Based in Oklahoma City, Continental is the largest leaseholder and the largest producer in the nation's premier oil field, the Bakken play of North Dakota and Montana. The Company also has significant positions in Oklahoma, including its SCOOP Woodford and SCOOP Springer discoveries and the STACK plays. With a focus on the exploration and production of oil, Continental has unlocked the technology and resources vital to American energy independence and our nation's leadership in the new world oil market. In 2020, the Company will celebrate 53 years of operations.
Cellectar Biosciences is focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of drugs for the treatment of cancer. The company is developing proprietary drugs independently and through research and development collaborations. The company?€?s core objective is to leverage its proprietary Phospholipid Drug Conjugate??? (PDC) delivery platform to develop PDCs that specifically target cancer cells, delivering improved efficacy and better safety as a result of fewer off-target effects. The company?€?s PDC platform possesses the potential for the discovery and development of the next-generation of cancer-targeting treatments, and it plans to develop PDCs independently and through research and development collaborations. The company?€?s lead PDC therapeutic, CLR 131, is currently in two clinical studies. The CLOVER-1 Phase 2 study and the Phase 1 pediatric safety study. The CLOVER-1 study met the primary efficacy endpoints from the Part A dose-exploration portion, conducted in r/r B-cell malignancies, and is now enrolling in expansion cohorts evaluating in triple class refractory multiple myeloma and BTK inhibitor failed Waldenstrom?€?s macroglobulinemia patients. The dosing regimen is designed to provide the optimal dose identified in Part A of >60mCi total body dose. The data from the Part A portion were announced on February 19, 2020. The Phase 1 pediatric study is an open-label, sequential-group, dose-escalation study to evaluate the safety and tolerability of CLR 131 in children and adolescents with relapsed or refractory cancers, including malignant brain tumors, neuroblastoma, sarcomas, and lymphomas (including Hodgkin?€?s lymphoma). The Phase 1 study is being conducted internationally at seven leading pediatric cancer centers. The company?€?s product pipeline includes one preclinical PDC chemotherapeutic program (CLR 1900) and multiple partnered PDC assets.

ClearOne is a global market leader enabling conferencing, collaboration, and network streaming solutions. The performance and simplicity of its advanced, comprehensive solutions offer unprecedented levels of functionality, reliability, and scalability. Visit ClearOne at www.clearone.com. ### Contact: Bob Griffin Griffin360 Twitter: @griffin360 212.481.3456 x16 bob@griffin360.com
Celestica enables the world's best brands. Through our recognized customer-centric approach, we partner with leading companies in aerospace and defense, communications, enterprise, healthtech, industrial, capital equipment, and smart energy to deliver solutions for their most complex challenges. As a leader in design, manufacturing, hardware platform and supply chain solutions, Celestica brings global expertise and insight at every stage of product development - from the drawing board to full-scale production and after-market services. With talented teams across North America, Europe and Asia, we imagine, develop and deliver a better future with our customers.
Clearside BioMedical, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, develops drug therapies to treat chronic blinding diseases of the eye. Its products include CLS-1001 for the treatment of macular edema associated with non-infectious uveitis; CLS-1003 for the treatment of macular edema associated with retinal vein occlusion; and CLS-1002 program for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration. The company was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia.
CleanSpark provides advanced energy software and control technology that enables a plug-and-play enterprise solution to modern energy challenges. Our services consist of intelligent energy monitoring and controls, microgrid design and engineering, microgrid consulting services, and turn-key microgrid implementation services. CleanSpark's software allows energy users to obtain resiliency and economic optimization. Our software is uniquely capable of enabling a microgrid to be scaled to the user's specific needs and can be widely implemented across commercial, industrial, military, agricultural and municipal, deployment.
Celsion is a fully integrated oncology company focused on developing a portfolio of innovative cancer treatments, including immunotherapies, DNA-based therapies and directed chemotherapies. The Company?€?s product pipeline includes GEN-1, a DNA-based immunotherapy for the localized treatment of ovarian cancer and ThermoDox ??, a proprietary heat-activated liposomal encapsulation of doxorubicin, currently in Phase III development for the treatment of primary liver cancer and in development for other cancer indications. Celsion has two feasibility stage platform technologies for the development of novel nucleic acid-based immunotherapies and other anti-cancer DNA or RNA therapies. Both are novel synthetic, non-viral vectors with demonstrated capability in nucleic acid cellular transfection.
Clovis Oncology, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing innovative anti-cancer agents in the U.S., Europe and additional international markets. Clovis Oncology targets development programs at specific subsets of cancer populations, and simultaneously develops, with partners, for those indications that require them, diagnostic tools intended to direct a compound in development to the population that is most likely to benefit from its use. Clovis Oncology is headquartered in Boulder, Colorado, with additional office locations in the U.S. and Europe.
Clearwater Paper manufactures quality consumer tissue, away-from-home tissue, parent roll tissue, bleached paperboard and pulp at manufacturing facilities across the nation. The company is a premier supplier of private brand tissue to major retailers and wholesale distributors, including grocery, drug, mass merchants and discount stores. In addition, the company produces bleached paperboard used by quality-conscious printers and packaging converters, and offers services that include custom sheeting, slitting and cutting. Clearwater Paper's employees build shareholder value by developing strong relationships through quality and service.
Euro Tech Holdings Company Limited is a distributor of a range of advanced water treatment equipment (including chlorination equipment), laboratory instruments, analyzers, test kits and related supplies and power generation equipment (including recorders and power quality analyzers). The Company acts as an exclusive and non-exclusive distributor for well-known manufacturers of such equipment, to commercial customers and governmental agencies or instrumentalities in Hong Kong and the People's Republic of China. Laboratory instruments, analyzers and test kits are used to analyze the chemical content and ascertain the level of impurities or other contaminants in water. The Company distributes analytical re-agents and chemicals to support testing systems of laboratory and portable instruments, process analyzers and portable test kits and assist in the analysis process. The Company offers a range of test kits to test water quality.
The??Clorox Company?? is a leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products with about 8,800 employees worldwide and fiscal year 2020 sales of??$6.7 billion. Clorox markets some of the most trusted and recognized consumer brand names, including its namesake bleach and cleaning products; Pine-Sol ?? cleaners; Liquid-Plumr ?? clog removers; Poett ?? home care products; Fresh Step ?? cat litter; Glad ?? bags and wraps; Kingsford ?? charcoal;??Hidden Valley ?? dressings and sauces; Brita ?? water-filtration products;??Burt's Bees ?? natural personal care products; and RenewLife ??, Rainbow Light ??, Natural Vitality Calm???, NeoCell ?? and Stop Aging Now ?? vitamins, minerals and supplements. The company also markets industry-leading products and technologies for professional customers, including those sold under the CloroxPro??? and Clorox Healthcare ?? brand names. More than 80% of the company's sales are generated from brands that hold the??No. 1??or No. 2 market share positions in their categories. Clorox is a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation's New Plastics Economy Global Commitment. The company has been broadly recognized for its corporate responsibility efforts, listed No. 1 on the 2020 Axios Harris Poll 100 reputation rankings and included on the Barron's 2020 100 Most Sustainable Companies list and the Human Rights Campaign's 2020 Corporate Equality Index, among others. In support of its communities, The Clorox Company and its foundations contributed more than $25 million??in combined cash grants, product??donations??and cause marketing in??fiscal year??2020.
Calyxt, Inc. is a consumer-centric, food- and agriculture-focused company. By combining its leading gene-editing technology and technical expertise with its innovative commercial strategy, Calyxt is pioneering a paradigm shift to deliver healthier food ingredients, such as healthier oils and high fiber wheat, for consumers and agriculturally advantageous crop traits, such as herbicide tolerance, for farmers. Calyxt is located in Minneapolis-St. Paul, Minn., and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cellectis.
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC) is a global financial institution. CIBC serves its clients through three strategic business units (SBUs): Retail and Business Banking, Wealth Management, and Wholesale Banking. Retail and Business Banking provides clients across Canada with financial advice, products and services through a team of advisors over 1,100 branches as well as automated banking machines (ABMs), mobile sales force, telephone banking, online and mobile banking. Wealth Management provides relationship-based advisory services and a suite of investment solutions to meet the needs of institutional, retail and high net worth clients. CIBC's three main operating groups are supported by six functional groups: Technology and Operations; Corporate Development; Finance; Treasury; Administration; and Risk Management, which form part of Corporate and Other. In September 2012, it acquired Griffis & Small, LLC.
Comerica Incorporated is a financial services company headquartered in??Dallas, Texas, and strategically aligned by three business segments: The Commercial Bank, The Retail Bank and Wealth Management. Comerica focuses on relationships, and helping people and businesses be successful. In addition to??Texas, Comerica Bank locations can be found in??Arizona,??California,??Florida??and??Michigan, with select businesses operating in several other states, as well as in??Canada??and??Mexico. Comerica reported total assets of??$83.6 billion??at??Sept. 30, 2020. About Capuchin Soup Kitchen Founded in 1929, the Capuchin Soup Kitchen serves Metro Detroit by providing food, clothing, and human development programs to the people of its community. In addition to preparing and serving meals at two soup kitchen locations, it operates a shower program, emergency food pantry, and an after-school program for children. It also distributes household items and clothing. Its Earthworks Urban Farm harvests six tons of produce from a one-and-a-half-acre USDA-certified organic farm, while sharing knowledge on sustainable relationships between human beings and the earth. The Capuchin Soup Kitchen's On the Rise Bakery residential training program affords workforce development and skills training for formerly-incarcerated citizens. In addition, the Capuchin Soup Kitchen's Jefferson House ?€? a twelve-bed residential substance use disorder treatment facility ?€? assists men seeking to reclaim their lives from addiction. CSKDetroit.org The Capuchin Soup Kitchen is a ministry of the Province of St. Joseph of the Capuchin Order, headquartered in Detroit, with ministries in Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois and Montana. The Capuchins are funded primarily by donations. theCapuchins.org SOURCE Comerica Bank Related Links http://www.comerica.com
Cambium Networks Corp
Commercial Metals Company and its subsidiaries manufacture, recycle and fabricate steel and metal products, related materials and services through a network of facilities that includes seven electric arc furnace ("EAF") mini mills, two EAF micro mills, two rerolling mills, steel fabrication and processing plants, construction-related product warehouses, and metal recycling facilities in the United States and Poland. SOURCE Commercial Metals Company Related Links http://www.cmc.com
Following the implementation of indigenisation in Zimbabwe in September 2012, Caledonia's primary asset is a 49% interest in an operating gold mine in Zimbabwe ("Blanket Mine"). Blanket Mine plans to increase production from 50,351 ounces in 2016 to approximately 80,000 ounces in 2021. Blanket Mine's target production for 2017 is 52,000 to 57,000 ounces. Caledonia expects to publish its results for the quarter to June 30, 2017 on or about August 14, 2017. Caledonia's current dividend policy is to pay a quarterly dividend which is currently 6.875 cents per share, or 27.5 cents per share on an annualised basis.
Cheetah Mobile is a leading mobile Internet company with global market coverage. It has attracted hundreds of millions of monthly active users through its mobile utility products such as Clean Master and Cheetah Keyboard, casual games such as Piano Tiles 2 and Bricks n Balls. The Company's advertising customers include direct advertisers and mobile advertising networks. Through the Company's advertising products, advertisers can promote their products and services to a wide range of mobile users. The Company also provides value-added services to its mobile application users through the sale of in-app virtual items on selected mobile products and games. Cheetah Mobile is committed to leveraging its cutting-edge artificial intelligence technologies to power its products and make the world smarter. It has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange since May 2014.
Columbus McKinnon is a leading worldwide designer, manufacturer and marketer of motion control products, technologies and automated systems and services that efficiently and ergonomically move, lift, position and secure materials. Key products include hoists, crane components, actuators, rigging tools, light rail work stations, and digital power and motion control systems. The Company is focused on commercial and industrial applications that require the safety and quality provided by its superior design and engineering know-how.
Comcast Corporation is a global media and technology company with three primary businesses: Comcast Cable, NBCUniversal, and Sky. Comcast Cable is one of the United States?€? largest high-speed internet, video, and phone providers to residential customers under the Xfinity brand, and also provides these services to businesses. It also provides wireless and security and automation services to residential customers under the Xfinity brand. NBCUniversal is global and operates news, entertainment and sports cable networks, the NBC and Telemundo broadcast networks, television production operations, television station groups, Universal Pictures, and Universal Parks and Resorts. Sky is one of Europe's leading media and entertainment companies, connecting customers to a broad range of video content through its pay television services. It also provides communications services, including residential high-speed internet, phone, and wireless services. Sky operates the Sky News broadcast network and sports and entertainment networks, produces original content, and has exclusive content rights.
CIM Commercial Trust Corp
CIM Commercial Trust Corporation Series L Preferred Stock
Cantel Medical is a leading global company dedicated to delivering innovative infection prevention products and services for patients, caregivers, and other healthcare providers which improve outcomes, enhance safety and help save lives. Our products include specialized medical device reprocessing systems for endoscopy and renal dialysis, advanced water purification equipment, sterilants, disinfectants and cleaners, sterility assurance monitoring products for hospitals and dental clinics, disposable infection control products primarily for dental and GI endoscopy markets, instruments and instrument reprocessing workflow systems serving the dental industry, dialysate concentrates, hollow fiber membrane filtration and separation products. Additionally, we provide technical service for our products.
CME Group Inc. (CME Group) offer a range of global products across all asset classes based on interest rates, equity indexes, foreign exchange, energy, agricultural commodities, metals, weather and real estate. The Company's products include both exchange-traded and over-the-counter derivatives. CME Group also provides clearing and settlement services for exchange-traded contracts, as well as for cleared over-the-counter derivatives transactions. In April 2012, it acquired a 100% interest in GreenX Holdings LLC. On July 2, 2012, S&P Capital IQ, a business line of The McGraw-Hill Companies acquired London-based Credit Market Analysis Limited (CMA) from CME Group. In November 2013, CME Group Inc announced the sale of the NYMEX Building located at One North End Avenue to Brookfield Office Properties.
CM Finance Inc 6.125% Notes due 2023
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. is cultivating a better world by serving responsibly sourced, classically-cooked, real food with wholesome ingredients without artificial colors, flavors or preservatives. Chipotle had over 2,650 restaurants as of June 30, 2020, in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France and Germany and is the only restaurant company of its size that owns and operates all its restaurants. With more than 91,000 employees passionate about providing a great guest experience, Chipotle is a longtime leader and innovator in the food industry. Chipotle is committed to making its food more accessible to everyone while continuing to be a brand with a demonstrated purpose as it leads the way in digital, technology and sustainable business practices. Steve Ells, founder and former executive chairman, first opened Chipotle with a single restaurant in Denver, Colorado in 1993.
Cummins Inc., a global power leader, is a corporation of complementary business segments that design, manufacture, distribute and service a broad portfolio of power solutions. The company?€?s products range from diesel, natural gas, electric and hybrid powertrains and powertrain-related components including filtration, aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, controls systems, air handling systems, automated transmissions, electric power generation systems, batteries, electrified power systems, hydrogen generation and fuel cell products. Headquartered in Columbus, Indiana (U.S.), since its founding in 1919, Cummins employs approximately 61,600 people committed to powering a more prosperous world through three global corporate responsibility priorities critical to healthy communities: education, environment and equality of opportunity. Cummins serves its customers online, through a network of company-owned and independent distributor locations, and through thousands of dealer locations worldwide and earned about $2.3 billion on sales of $23.6 billion in 2019.

CM Life Sciences Inc
CM Life Sciences Inc - Warrants (01/09/2025)
A leader in the radio broadcasting industry, Cumulus Media Inc. combines high quality local programming with iconic, nationally syndicated media, sports, and entertainment brands to deliver premium content choices to the more than 250 million people reached each month through its 428 owned-and-operated stations broadcasting in 87 U.S. media markets (including eight of the top 10), approximately 8,000 broadcast radio stations affiliated with its Westwood One network and numerous digital channels. Together, the Cumulus Radio Station Group and Westwood One platforms make Cumulus one of the few media companies that can provide advertisers with national reach and local impact. The Cumulus Radio Station Group and Westwood One are the exclusive radio broadcast partners to some of the largest brands in sports, entertainment, news, and talk, including the NFL, the NCAA, the Masters, the Olympics, the GRAMMYs, the Academy of Country Music Awards, the Billboard Music Awards, and more. Additionally, it is the nation's leading provider of country music and lifestyle content through its NASH brand, which serves country fans nationwide through radio programming, exclusive digital content, and live events.
COMPUTER NETWORK TECHNOLOGY CORP
Capstead is a self-managed real estate investment trust, or REIT, for federal income tax purposes. The Company earns income from investing in a leveraged portfolio of residential adjustable-rate mortgage pass-through securities, referred to as ARM securities, issued and guaranteed by government-sponsored enterprises, either Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or by an agency of the federal government, Ginnie Mae. Capstead?€?s investment strategy attempts to mitigate risks to book value by focusing on investments in agency-guaranteed residential mortgage pass-through securities, which are considered to have little, if any, credit risk and are collateralized by ARM loans with interest rates that reset periodically to more current levels.
Capstead Mortgage Corporation Pfd Ser E
Compass Minerals is a leading provider of essential minerals focused on safely delivering where and when it matters to help solve nature?€?s challenges for customers and communities. Its salt products help keep roadways safe during winter weather and are used in numerous other consumer, industrial and agricultural applications. Its plant nutrition business manufactures an innovative and diverse portfolio of products that improve the quality and yield of crops, while supporting sustainable agriculture. Additionally, its specialty chemical business serves the water treatment industry and other industrial processes.
Checkmate Pharmaceuticals Inc Com
Cimpress plc invests in and builds customer-focused, entrepreneurial, mass-customization businesses for the long term. Mass customization is a competitive strategy which seeks to produce goods and services to meet individual customer needs with near mass production efficiency. Cimpress businesses include BuildASign, Drukwerkdeal, Exaprint, National Pen, Pixartprinting, Printi, Vistaprint and WIRmachenDRUCK.
Compass Pathways Plc
Costamare Inc. is one of the world?€?s leading owners and providers of containerships for charter. The Company has 46 years of history in the international shipping industry and a fleet of 72 containerships, with a total capacity of approximately 529,000 TEU, including two newbuild containerships currently under construction. Ten of our containerships have been acquired pursuant to the Framework Deed with York by vessel-owning joint venture entities in which we hold a minority equity interest. The Company?€?s common stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock and Series E Preferred Stock trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols ?€?CMRE?€?, ?€?CMRE PR B?€?, ?€?CMRE PR C?€?, ?€?CMRE PR D?€? and ?€?CMRE PR E?€?, respectively.
Costamare Inc. Perpetual Preferred Stock Series B (Marshall Islands)
Costamare Inc. Perpetual Preferred Series C (Marshall Islands)
Costamare Inc. 8.75% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock
Costamare Inc. 8.875% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock par value $0.0001
Chimerix is a development-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to accelerating the advancement of innovative medicines that make a meaningful impact in the lives of patients living with cancer and other serious diseases. Its two clinical-stage drug candidates are dociparstat sodium (DSTAT) and brincidofovir (BCV). DSTAT is a potential first-in-class glycosaminoglycan compound derived from porcine heparin that, compared to commercially available forms of heparin, may be dosed at higher levels without associated bleeding-related complications. DSTAT is being studied in a Phase 2/3 trial to assess safety and efficacy in adults with acute lung injury with underlying COVID-19. Inhibition of HMGB1 may be a primary anti-inflammatory target for DSTAT. HMGB1 induces downstream proinflammatory cytokines, including but not limited to, IL-6, TNF-??, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) and macrophage inflammatory protein-1?? (MIP-1??), all of which are elevated in COVID-19. DSTAT also binds to and inhibits the activity of PF4 which appears to play a significant role in the coagulation disorders observed in severe COVID-19. A Phase 3 trial protocol to study DSTAT in acute myeloid leukemia has been agreed to with the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and site activation is expected in early 2021. BCV is an antiviral drug candidate in development as a medical countermeasure for smallpox.
CMS Energy Corporation (CMS Energy) is an energy company operating primarily in Michigan. CMS Energy is the parent holding company of several subsidiaries, including Consumers Energy Company (Consumers) and CMS Enterprises Company (CMS Enterprises). Consumers is an electric and gas utility, and CMS Enterprises, primarily a domestic independent power producer. Consumers serves individuals and businesses operating in the alternative energy, automotive, chemical, metal, and food products industries, as well as a diversified group of other industries. CMS Enterprises, through its subsidiaries and equity investments, is engaged primarily in independent power production and owns power generation facilities fueled mostly by natural gas and biomass. CMS Energy operates in three business segments: electric utility, gas utility and enterprises, its non-utility operations and investments.
CMS Energy Corporation Preferred Stock
CMS Energy Corporation 5.625% Junior Subordinated Notes due 2078
CMS Energy Corporation 5.875% Junior Subordinated Notes due 2078
CMS Energy Corporation 5.875% Junior Subordinated Notes due 2079
Core Molding Technologies, Inc. (Core Molding Technologies), and its subsidiaries operates in the plastics market in a family of products known as reinforced plastics. Core Molding Technologies is a manufacturer of sheet molding compound (SMC) and molder of fiberglass reinforced plastics. The Company specializes in large-format moldings and offers a range of fiberglass processes, including compression molding of SMC, glass mat thermoplastics (GMT) and bulk molding compounds (BMC); spray-up, hand-lay-up and resin transfer molding (RTM). Additionally, the Company offers reaction injection molding (RIM), utilizing dicyclopentadiene technology. Core Molding Technologies operates five production facilities in Columbus, Ohio; Batavia, Ohio; Gaffney, South Carolina; Warsaw, Kentucky; and Matamoros, Mexico. In July 2011, the Company formed Core Specialty Composites, LLC.
Comtech Telecommunications Corp. designs, develops, produces and markets innovative products, systems and services for advanced communications solutions. The Company sells products to a diverse customer base in the global commercial and government communications markets. Additional Information and Where to Find It This filing is being made in respect of a proposed business combination involving Comtech and Gilat Satellite Networks Ltd. (?€?Gilat?€?). This document does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. In connection with the proposed business combination involving Comtech and Gilat, a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-236840) has been filed with and declared effective by the SEC. This document is not a substitute for the prospectus / proxy statement included in the Registration Statement or any other document that Comtech or Gilat may file with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. Investors and security holders of Comtech and Gilat are urged to read the definitive proxy statement/final prospectus contained in the Registration Statement and any other relevant documents that will be filed with the SEC carefully and in their entirety when they become available because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction. You may obtain copies of all documents filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction, free of charge, at the SEC?€?s website ( www.sec.gov ).
CNA Financial Corporation (CNAF) is an insurance holding company. Its core business commercial property and casualty insurance operations operate in two segments: CNA Specialty and CNA Commercial. Its non-core businesses are managed in two business segments: Life & Group Non-Core and Corporate & Other Non-Core. Its insurance products primarily include commercial property and casualty coverages, including surety. Its products and services are marketed through independent agents, brokers and managing general underwriters to a rang of customers, including small, medium and large businesses, associations and professionals. Its property and casualty and remaining life and group insurance operations are primarily conducted by Continental Casualty Company, The Continental Insurance Company, Western Surety Company and Continental Assurance Company. In July 2012, it acquired Hardy Underwriting Bermuda Ltd. On December 14, 2012, it sold SUR Insurance Agency, Inc. and The Bond Exchange.
Century Bancorp, Inc. is a state-chartered bank holding company. The Company operates through its banking subsidiary, Century Bank and Trust Company (the Bank). As of December 31, 2011, the Company operated 24 banking offices in 17 cities and towns in Massachusetts. The Bank's customers consist primarily of small and medium-sized businesses and retail customers in these communities and surrounding areas, as well as local governments and institutions throughout Massachusetts. The Company offers a range of services to commercial enterprises, state and local governments and agencies, nonprofit organizations and individuals. It focuses on small and medium-sized businesses and retail customers in its market area. The Company makes commercial loans, real estate and construction loans, and consumer loans and accepts savings, time and demand deposits.
Centene Corporation, a Fortune 50 company, is a leading multi-national healthcare enterprise that is committed to helping people live healthier lives. The Company takes a local approach ?€? with local brands and local teams ?€? to provide fully integrated, high-quality, and cost-effective services to government-sponsored and commercial healthcare programs, focusing on under-insured and uninsured individuals. Centene offers affordable and high-quality products to nearly 1 in 15 individuals across the nation, including Medicaid and Medicare members (including Medicare Prescription Drug Plans) as well as individuals and families served by the Health Insurance Marketplace, the TRICARE program, and individuals in correctional facilities. The Company also serves several international markets, and contracts with other healthcare and commercial organizations to provide a variety of specialty services focused on treating the whole person. Centene focuses on long-term growth and the development of its people, systems and capabilities so that it can better serve its members, providers, local communities, and government partners.
Concert Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, discovers and develops small molecule drugs for central nervous system disorders, genetic diseases, renal disease, inflammatory disease, and cancer. The company??s clinical-stage product candidates include AVP-786, which is in Phase II clinical trial for the treatment of neurologic and psychiatric disorders, including pain, behavioral disorders, mood disorders, and movement disorders; CTP-499 that is in Phase II clinical trial for chronic kidney disease in patients with type 2 diabetes; and CTP-354, which is in Phase I clinical trial to spasticity associated with spinal cord injury and multiple sclerosis. It is also developing CTP-730 that is in Phase I clinical trial for the treatment of inflammation or cancer; and JZP-386, which is in Phase I clinical trial to treat cataplexy and excessive daytime sleepiness. The company has collaborations with Celgene Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Celgene International S??rl; Celgene Corporation; Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; and Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Concert Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Lexington, Massachusetts.
Conduent delivers mission-critical services and solutions on behalf of businesses and governments ?€? creating exceptional outcomes for its clients and the millions of people who count on them. Through our dedicated people, process and technology, Conduent solutions and services automate workflows, improve efficiencies, reduce costs and enable revenue growth. It?€?s why most Fortune 100 companies and over 500 government entities depend on Conduent every day to manage their essential interactions and move their operations forward. Conduent?€?s differentiated services and solutions improve experiences for millions of people every day, including two-thirds of all insured patients?€?in the U.S., 10 million employees who use its HR Services, and nearly 18 million benefit recipients. Conduent?€?s solutions deliver exceptional outcomes for its clients, including $17 billion in savings from medical bill review, up to 40% efficiency increase in HR operations, up to 27% reduction in government benefits costs, up to 40% improvement in finance, accounting and procurement expense, and improved customer service interaction times by up to 20% with higher end-user satisfaction.
ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc., formerly Emazing Interactive, Inc. is a holding company that conducts its primary businesses through its subsidiaries and operating companies. The Company's services were founded on Internet and advertising technologies that include, preparing and publishing media enabled advertising and marketing campaigns for clients on the Internet, mobile phone, television and other valued added communication channels, hosting mini-sites with online messaging and consulting functionalities, generating sales leads and providing online management tools to help small and medium enterprise (SMEs) manage the expansion of their sales networks. Its advertising network consists of the Website www.28.com (28.com), as well as www.liansuo.com (liansuo.com), www.chuangye.com (chuangye.com) and www.sooe.cn (sooe.cn), its Internet advertising portals, ChinaNet TV, its TV production and advertising unit and its bank kiosk advertising unit.
CNFinance Holdings Ltd ADS
Conifer Holdings, Inc. is a specialty market property and casualty insurance holding company based in Michigan. Across all 50 states, Conifer offers tailored niche insurance coverage for both commercial and personal lines insureds.
Conifer Holdings Inc. Senior Unsecured Notes
CNH Industrial N.V. designs, produces, markets, sells, and finances agricultural and construction equipment, trucks, commercial vehicles, buses, and specialty vehicles, engines, transmissions, and axles worldwide. The Agricultural Equipment segment provides farm machinery and implements, including two-wheel and four-wheel drive tractors, crawler tractors, combines, cotton pickers, grape and sugar cane harvesters, hay and forage equipment, planting and seeding equipment, soil preparation and cultivation implements, and material handling equipment. This segment offers its products under the New Holland Agriculture, Case IH Agriculture, Steyr, and Miller brand names. The Construction Equipment segment offers excavators, crawler dozers, graders, wheel loaders, backhoe loaders, skid steer loaders, telehandlers, and trenchers under the New Holland Construction and Case Construction brand names. The Commercial Vehicles segment provides light, medium, and heavy vehicles for the transportation and distribution of goods under the Iveco brand name; commuter buses and touring coaches under the Iveco Bus and Heuliez Bus brand names; quarry and mining equipment under the Iveco Astra name; and firefighting vehicles under the Magirus brand name, as well as vehicles for civil defense and peace-keeping missions under the Iveco Defence Vehicles brand name. The Powertrain segment offers propulsion and transmission systems and axles for on-and off-road applications, as well as engines for marine application and power generation through the FPT Industrial brand. The Financial Services segment provides and administers retail financing to customers for the purchase or lease of new and used industrial equipment or vehicles, and other equipment; and wholesale financing, which consists primarily of floor plan financing to CNH Industrial dealers. CNH Industrial N.V. is based in London, the United Kingdom.
Canadian National Railway Company, together with its subsidiaries, engages in rail and related transportation business in North America. It offers transportation services that include rail, intermodal container, and trucking services; and supply chain solutions, including warehousing and distribution, cargoflo, logistics parks, freight forwarding, customs brokerage service, industrial development, and marine services. The company transports various goods, such as automotive, coal, fertilizers, food and beverages, forest products, dimensional and heavy loads, shipping grains, metal and minerals, petroleum and chemicals, specialty crops, and intermodal products. It operates a network of approximately 20,000 route miles of track spans Canada and mid-America, from the Atlantic and Pacific oceans to the Gulf of Mexico. It serves the ports of Vancouver, Prince Rupert (British Columbia), Montreal, Halifax, New Orleans, and Mobile (Alabama); and the metropolitan areas of Toronto, Buffalo, Chicago, Detroit, Duluth (Minnesota)/Superior (Wisconsin), Green Bay (Wisconsin), Minneapolis/St. Paul, Memphis, and Jackson (Mississippi), with connections to all points in North America. Canadian National Railway Company was founded in 1922 and is headquartered in Montreal, Canada.
Headquartered in Plano, TX, Cinemark is one of the largest and most influential movie theatre companies in the world. Cinemark?€?s circuit, comprised of various brands that also include Century, Tinseltown and Rave, operates 534 theatres with 5,977 screens globally (332 theatres and 4,522 screens across 41 states domestically; 202 theatres and 1455 screens in 15 countries throughout South and Central America). Cinemark consistently provides an extraordinary guest experience from the initial ticket purchase to the closing credits, including Movie Club, the first U.S. exhibitor-launched subscription program; the highest Luxury Lounger recliner seat penetration among the major players; XD - the No. 1 exhibitor-brand premium large format; and expansive food and beverage options to further enhance the moviegoing experience.
CONMED is a medical technology company that provides surgical devices and equipment for minimally invasive procedures. The Company?€?s products are used by surgeons and physicians in a variety of specialties, including orthopedics, general surgery, gynecology, neurosurgery, thoracic surgery, and gastroenterology.

Cannae Holdings, Inc. is a holding company engaged in actively managing and operating a group of companies and investments, as well as making additional majority and minority equity portfolio investments in businesses, in order to achieve superior financial performance and maximize the value of these assets. Cannae was founded and is led by investor William P. Foley, II. Mr. Foley is responsible for the creation and growth of over $100 Billion in publicly traded companies including Fidelity National Information Services (?€?FIS?€?), Fidelity National Financial (?€?FNF?€?) and Black Knight, Inc. (?€?BKI?€?). Cannae?€?s current principal holdings include Dun & Bradstreet Holdings, Inc. (?€?DNB?€?), which recently completed a successful business transformation and IPO. Cannae holds an approximately 18% interest in Dun & Bradstreet or ~76 million shares. Cannae?€?s second principal holding is Ceridian (?€?CDAY?€?), which Mr. Foley transformed from a legacy payroll bureau into a leading cloud based provider of human capital management software. Cannae owns 11% of Ceridian representing approximately 16.1 million shares. Cannae?€?s third largest holding is approximately 6 million shares and equivalents in CoreLogic (?€?CLGX?€?).
CNO Financial Group, Inc. is a holding company. Our insurance companies ?€? principally Bankers Life and Casualty Company, Colonial Penn Life Insurance Company and Washington National Insurance Company ?€? primarily serve middle-income pre-retiree and retired Americans by helping them protect against financial adversity and provide for a more secure retirement.
ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc., through its subsidiary, ConnectOne Bank offers a full suite of both commercial and consumer banking and lending products and services through its banking offices located across New York and New Jersey. ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol "CNOB," and information about ConnectOne may be found at https://www.connectonebank.com.
As the only investor-owned electric and gas utility based in Texas, CenterPoint Energy, Inc. is an energy delivery company with electric transmission and distribution, power generation and natural gas distribution operations that serve more than 7 million metered customers in Arkansas, Indiana, Louisiana, Minnesota, Mississippi, Ohio, Oklahoma and Texas. As of September 30, 2020, the company owned approximately $33 billion in assets and also owned 53.7 percent of the common units representing limited partner interests in Enable Midstream Partners, LP, a publicly traded master limited partnership that owns, operates and develops strategically located natural gas and crude oil infrastructure assets. With approximately 9,600 employees, CenterPoint Energy and its predecessor companies have been in business for more than 150 years.
CenterPoint Energy Inc. Depositary Shares Series B
Canadian Natural Resources Limited acquires, explores for, develops, produces, markets, and sells crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids (NGLs). The company offers light and medium crude oil, primary heavy crude oil, Pelican Lake heavy crude oil, bitumen, and synthetic crude oil (SCO). Its midstream assets include three crude oil pipeline systems; and a 50% working interest in an 84-megawatt cogeneration plant at Primrose. As of December 31, 2014, the company??s gross proved crude oil, bitumen, SCO, and NGLs reserves totaled 4,511 million barrels; gross proved plus probable crude oil, bitumen, SCO, and NGLs reserves totaled 7,535 million barrels; proved natural gas reserves totaled 6,001 billion cubic feet; and gross proved plus probable natural gas reserves totaled 8,138 billion cubic feet. It operates primarily in Western Canada; the United Kingdom portion of the North Sea; and C??te d??Ivoire, Gabon, and South Africa in Offshore Africa. The company was formerly known as AEX Minerals Corporation and changed its name to Canadian Natural Resources Limited in December 1975. Canadian Natural Resources Limited was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.
Cornerstone Building Brands is the largest manufacturer of exterior building products in North America. Headquartered in Cary, North Carolina, the organization serves residential and commercial customers across new construction and repair & remodel market. As the #1 manufacturer of windows, vinyl siding, insulated metal panels, metal roofing and wall systems and metal accessories, Cornerstone Building Brands combines a comprehensive portfolio of products with an expansive national footprint that includes more than 21,000 employees at manufacturing, distribution and office locations throughout North America.
Cohen & Steers is a global investment manager specializing in liquid real assets, including real estate securities, listed infrastructure and natural resource equities, as well as preferred securities and other income solutions. Founded in 1986, the firm is headquartered in New York City, with offices in London, Dublin, Hong Kong and Tokyo. SOURCE Cohen & Steers, Inc. Related Links http://www.cohenandsteers.com
Consolidated Communications Holdings, Inc. is a leading broadband and business communications provider serving consumers, businesses, and wireless and wireline carriers across rural and metro communities and a 23-state service area. Leveraging an advanced fiber network spanning 46,300 fiber route miles, Consolidated Communications offers a wide range of communications solutions, including: high-speed Internet, data, phone, security, managed services, cloud services and wholesale, carrier solutions. From our first connection 125 years ago, Consolidated is dedicated to turning technology into solutions, connecting people and enriching how they work and live.
CENTRAL SPRINKLER CORP
Constellation Pharmaceuticals is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics that selectively modulate gene expression to address serious unmet medical needs in patients with cancer.  The Company has a deep understanding of how epigenetic and chromatin modifications in cancer cells and in the tumor and immune microenvironment play a fundamental role in driving disease progression and drug resistance.  Constellation is driving development of the EZH2 inhibitors CPI-1205 and CPI-0209 for the treatment of metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer and other cancers as well as the BET inhibitor CPI-0610 for the treatment of myelofibrosis.  The Company is also applying its broad research and development capabilities to explore other novel targets that directly and indirectly impact gene expression to fuel a sustainable pipeline of innovative small-molecule product candidates.
Centogene NV
Century Casinos, Inc. (CCI) is an international casino entertainment company, which develops and operates gaming establishments and related lodging and restaurant and entertainment facilities. As of December 31, 2011, the Company, through its various subsidiaries owns Century Casino & Hotel- Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, Century Casino Calgary - Calgary, Alberta, Canada, Century Casino & Hotel - Central City, Colorado, Century Casino & Hotel - Cripple Creek, Colorado. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had a total of 396 slots machines and 55 table games aboard the 12 cruise ships. The Company also hold a 33.3% ownership interest in and actively participate in the management of Casinos Poland Ltd (CPL), the owner and operator of four casinos throughout Poland. In November 2013, the Company announced that its 66% owned subsidiary Casinos Poland Ltd successfully launched a second casino in Warsaw.
CONSOL Energy Inc. (CONSOL Energy) is a producer of coal and natural gas for global energy and raw material markets, which include the electric power generation industry and the steelmaking industry. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company produced 62.6 million tons of high-British thermal unit (Btu) bituminous coal from 12 mining complexes in the United States. In addition, it provides energy services, including river and dock services, terminal services, industrial supply services, coal waste disposal services and land resource management services. The Company operates in two segments: Coal and Gas. In December 2013, the Company announced that it has completed the sale of Consolidation Coal Company (CCC) subsidiary, which includes all five of its longwall coal mines in West Virginia, to a subsidiary of Murray Energy Corporation.
PC Connection, Inc. and its subsidiaries, dba Connection, ( www.connection.com ; NASDAQ:CNXN) is a Fortune 1000 company headquartered in Merrimack, NH. With offices throughout the United States, Connection delivers custom-configured computer systems overnight from its ISO 9001:2015 certified technical configuration lab at its distribution center in Wilmington, OH. In addition, the Company has over 2,500 technical certifications to ensure that it can solve the most complex issues of its customers. Connection also services international customers through its GlobalServe subsidiary, a global information technology (IT) procurement and service management company.
China Cord Blood Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, primarily provides umbilical cord blood storage and ancillary services in the People??s Republic of China. The company provides cord blood testing, processing, and storage services under the direction of subscribers; and tests, processes, and stores donated cord blood, as well as offers matching services. As of March 31, 2015, it had three operating cord blood banks in the Beijing municipality, the Guangdong province, and the Zhejiang province. The company has a strategic collaboration with Cord Blood Registry to share data on cord blood collection, processing, and storage. China Cord Blood Corporation is based in Central, Hong Kong.
Cocrystal Pharma, Inc. is a clinical stage biotechnology company discovering and developing novel antiviral therapeutics that target the replication process of influenza viruses, SARS-CoV-2 virus, hepatitis C viruses, and norovirus. Cocrystal employs unique, proprietary, structure-based technologies and Nobel Prize winning expertise to create first- and best-in-class antiviral drugs.
Coda Octopus Group Inc
CODI owns and manages a diverse family of established North American middle market businesses. Each of its current subsidiaries is a leader in its niche market.
Compass Diversified Holdings 7.250% Series A Preferred Shares representing beneficial interest in
Compass Diversified Holdings 7.875% Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Preferred Shares representing beneficial interests in
Co-Diagnostics, Inc., a Utah corporation, is a molecular diagnostics company that develops, manufactures, and markets a state-of-the-art diagnostics technology. The Company's technology is utilized for tests that are designed using the detection and/or analysis of nucleic acid molecules (DNA or RNA). The Company also uses its proprietary technology to design specific tests to locate genetic markers for use in industries other than infectious disease and license the use of those tests to specific customers.
China Online Education Group is a leading online education platform in China, with core expertise in English education. The Company's mission is to make quality education accessible and affordable. The Company's online and mobile education platforms enable students across China to take live interactive English lessons with overseas foreign teachers, on demand. The Company connects its students with a large pool of highly qualified foreign teachers that it assembled using a shared economy approach, and employs student and teacher feedback and data analytics to deliver a personalized learning experience to its students. Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures In evaluating its business, 51Talk considers and uses the following measures defined as non-GAAP financial measures by the SEC as supplemental metrics to review and assess its operating performance: non-GAAP sales and marketing expenses, non-GAAP product development expenses, non-GAAP general and administrative expenses, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP loss from operations, non-GAAP income tax expenses,??non-GAAP net loss, non-GAAP net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders, and non-GAAP net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders per share and per ADS. To present each of these non-GAAP measures, the Company excludes share-based compensation expenses. The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. For more information on these non-GAAP financial measures, please see the table captioned "Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures" set forth at the end of this press release. 51Talk believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding its performance by excluding share-based compensation expenses that may not be indicative of its operating performance from a cash perspective. 51Talk believes that both management and investors benefit from these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing its performance and when planning and forecasting future periods. These non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate management's internal comparisons to 51Talk's historical performance. 51Talk computes its non-GAAP financial measures using the same consistent method from quarter to quarter and from period to period. 51Talk believes these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors in allowing for greater transparency with respect to supplemental information used by management in its financial and operational decision-making. A limitation of using non-GAAP measures is that these non-GAAP measures exclude share-based compensation expenses that have been and will continue to be for the foreseeable future a significant recurring expense in the 51Talk's business. Management compensates for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the GAAP amounts excluded from each non-GAAP measure. The accompanying table at the end of this press release provides more details on the reconciliations between GAAP financial measures that are most directly comparable to non-GAAP financial measures. Exchange Rate Information This announcement contains translations of certain RMB amounts into U.S. dollars at a specified rate solely for the convenience of the reader. Unless otherwise noted, all translations from RMB to U.S. dollars are made at a rate of RMB7.1477??to US$1.00, the rate in effect as of September 28, 2019??as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains statements that may constitute "forward-looking" statements pursuant to the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Capital One Financial Corporation is a diversified financial services holding company with banking and non-banking subsidiaries. Capital One Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries offer an array of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients through branches, the Internet and other distribution channels. As of December 31, 2012, the Company's principal subsidiaries included Capital One Bank (USA), National Association (COBN), which offers credit and debit card products, other lending products and deposit products, and Capital One, National Association (CONA), which offers a spectrum of banking products and financial services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients. On February 17, 2012, the Company acquired ING Direct business in the United States (ING Direct) from ING Groep N.V., ING Bank N.V., ING Direct N.V. and ING Direct Bancorp. In November 2013, Capital One Financial Corp acquired Beech Street Capital LLC.
Capital One Financial Corporation Depositary Shares Series F
Capital One Financial Corporation Depositary Shares Series G
Capital One Financial Corporation Depositary Shares Series H
Capital One Financial Corp. PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Dp Sh Rp 140th Sr I

Capital One Financial Corp
ChoiceOne Financial Services, Inc., is a bank holding company. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, ChoiceOne Bank (the Bank) is a full-service banking institution that offers a variety of deposit, payment, credit and other financial services to all types of customers. These services include time, savings, and demand deposits, safe deposit services and automated transaction machine services. Its commercial lending covers categories, such as business, industry, agricultural, construction, inventory and real estate. The Bank's consumer loan department makes direct and indirect loans to consumers and purchasers of residential and real property. The Bank's primary market area lies within portions of Kent, Muskegon, Newaygo and Ottawa counties in Michigan in the communities where the Bank's offices are located. As of December 31, 2011, the Bank served these markets through 13 full-service offices.
Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation is an independent oil and gas company engaged in the development, exploitation and exploration of oil and gas properties. The Company's exploration, development and production operations are primarily concentrated in three plays: the Marcellus Shale in Pennsylvania, the Eagle Ford in south Texas and the Marmaton oil play in Oklahoma. The Company also has non-core operations in various other unconventional and conventional plays throughout the continental United States. The Company's assets are concentrated in areas with hydrocarbon resources, which are conducive to multi-well, repeatable drilling programs. In December 2012, the Company sold certain proved oil and gas properties located in south Texas. In June 2012, the Company sold a 35% non-operated working interest associated with certain of its Pearsall Shale undeveloped leaseholds in south Texas.
Cogent Biosciences is a biotechnology company focused on developing precision therapies for genetically defined diseases. The most advanced clinical program, PLX9486, is a selective tyrosine kinase inhibitor that is designed to potently inhibit the KIT D816V mutation as well as other mutations in KIT exon 17. KIT D816V is responsible for driving systemic mastocytosis, a serious disease caused by unchecked proliferation of mast cells. Exon 17 mutations are also found in patients with advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST), a type of cancer with strong dependence on oncogenic KIT signaling. Cogent Biosciences is headquartered in Cambridge, MA.
Institutional Financial Markets, Inc. (IFMI) is an investment firm specializing in credit-related fixed income investments. IFMI operates in three business segments: Capital Markets, Asset Management, and Principal Investing. The Capital Markets business segment consists of credit-related fixed income sales, trading, and financing, as well as new issue placements in corporate and securitized products and advisory services. The Asset Management business segment manages assets within a range of investment vehicles, including collateralized debt obligations (CDOs), permanent capital vehicles, managed accounts, and investment funds. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had $8.1 billion in assets under management (AUM), which consisted primarily of CDO AUM. The Principal Investing business segment is comprised primarily of its investments in the investment vehicles it manages. On January 13, 2011, it acquired JVB Financial Holdings, L.L.C (JVB).
Founded in 1966, Coherent, Inc. is one of the world's leading providers of lasers and laser-based technology for scientific, commercial and industrial customers. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and is part of the Russell 1000 and Standard & Poor's MidCap 400 Index.
Cohu, Inc. is a supplier of test handling, burn-in and thermal solutions used by the global semiconductor industry, microwave communications and closed-circuit television equipment. The Company operates in three segments: semiconductor equipment, mobile microwave communication systems and video cameras. The Company's semiconductor equipment segment consists of its wholly owned subsidiaries Delta Design, Inc. (Delta), Rasco GmbH (Rasco) and Ismeca Semiconductor Holding SA (Ismeca). The Company's microwave communication systems segment is consists of the Company's wholly owned subsidiary Broadcast Microwave Services, Inc. (BMS). The Company's video camera segment (Electronics Division) develops, manufactures and sells a wide selection of video cameras and related products, specializing in video solutions for security, surveillance and traffic monitoring. In January 2013, the Company acquired Ismeca Semiconductor Holding SA. Ismeca.
Coca-Cola Consolidated is the largest Coca-Cola bottler in the United States. Our Purpose is to honor God in all we do, serve others, pursue excellence and grow profitably. For over 118??years, we have been deeply committed to the consumers, customers and communities we serve and passionate about the broad portfolio of beverages and services we offer. We make, sell and distribute beverages of The??Coca-Cola??Company and other partner companies in more than 300??brands and flavors across 14??states and the District of Columbia to over 66??million consumers.
Columbia Banking System, Inc. is a bank holding company whose wholly owned banking subsidiary, Columbia State Bank (Columbia Bank or the Bank) also does business under the Bank of Astoria name and conducts full-service commercial banking business in the states of Washington and Oregon. The Company provides a range of banking services to small and medium-sized businesses, professionals and individuals. As of December 31, 2012 Columbia Bank had 99 branch locations in Washington and Oregon. Included in these branch locations are six Columbia Bank branches doing business in Oregon under the Bank of Astoria name in Astoria, Warrenton, Seaside and Cannon Beach in Clatsop County and in Manzanita and Tillamook in Tillamook County. Columbia Bank is a Washington state-chartered commercial bank. In April 2013, it announced the completion of acquisition of West Coast Bancorp, the parent company of West Coast Bank.
Americold is the world?€?s largest publicly traded REIT focused on the ownership, operation, acquisition and development of temperature-controlled warehouses. Based in Atlanta, Georgia, Americold owns and operates 183 temperature-controlled warehouses, with over 1 billion refrigerated cubic feet of storage, in the United States, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and Argentina as of June 30, 2020. Americold?€?s facilities are an integral component of the supply chain connecting food producers, processors, distributors and retailers to consumers.
Collegium is a specialty pharmaceutical company committed to being the leader in responsible pain management. Collegium?€?s headquarters are located in Stoughton, Massachusetts.
Columbia Sportswear Company has assembled a portfolio of brands for active lives, making it a leader in the global active lifestyle apparel, footwear, accessories, and equipment industry. Founded in 1938 in Portland, Oregon, the company?€?s brands are today sold in approximately 90 countries. In addition to the Columbia?? brand, Columbia Sportswear Company also owns the Mountain Hardwear??, SOREL?? and prAna?? brands.
CommScope is pushing the boundaries of technology to create the world?€?s most advanced wired and wireless networks. Our global team of employees, innovators and technologists empower customers to anticipate what?€?s next and invent what?€?s possible. Discover more at www.commscope.com. Follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn and like us on Facebook. Sign up for our press releases and blog posts. About ARRIS SURFboard ARRIS SURFboard products are your gateway to entertainment. They let you enjoy the latest entertainment, world class speeds, and the coolest new services throughout your home, and beyond. And they're available at your favorite retail store.
CyrusOne is a premier global REIT specializing in design, construction and operation of more than 50 high-performance data centers worldwide. The company provides mission-critical facilities that ensure the continued operation of IT infrastructure for approximately 1,000 customers, including approximately 200 Fortune 1000 companies. A leader in hybrid-cloud and multi-cloud deployments, CyrusOne offers colocation, hyperscale, and build-to-suit environments that help customers enhance the strategic connection of their essential data infrastructure and support achievement of sustainability goals. CyrusOne data centers offer world-class flexibility, enabling clients to modernize, simplify, and rapidly respond to changing demand. Combining exceptional financial strength with a broad global footprint, CyrusOne provides customers with long-term stability and strategic advantage at scale.
Conn's HomePlus is a specialty retailer currently operating 140+ retail locations in Alabama, Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Nevada, New Mexico, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. The Company's primary product categories include: Furniture and mattress, including furniture and related accessories for the living room, dining room and bedroom, as well as traditional and specialty mattresses; Home appliance, including refrigerators, freezers, washers, dryers, dishwashers and ranges; Consumer electronics, including LED, OLED, QLED, Ultra HD, and internet-ready televisions, gaming consoles, home theater and portable audio equipment; and Home office, including computers, printers and accessories. Additionally, Conn's HomePlus offers a variety of products on a seasonal basis. Unlike many of its competitors, Conn's HomePlus provides flexible in-house credit options for its customers in addition to third-party financing programs and third-party lease-to-own payment plans. Taylor Schillace, The Zimmerman Agency [email??protected], 850-668-2222 SOURCE Conn's HomePlus
CONX Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/4 War)
The Cooper Companies, Inc. ("Cooper") is a global medical device company publicly traded on the NYSE. Cooper operates through two business units, CooperVision and CooperSurgical. CooperVision brings a refreshing perspective on vision care with a commitment to developing a wide range of high-quality products for contact lens wearers and providing focused practitioner support. CooperSurgical is committed to advancing the health of women, babies and families with its diversified portfolio of products and services focusing on medical devices and fertility & genomics. Headquartered in Pleasanton, CA, Cooper has more than 12,000 employees with products sold in over 100 countries.
Mr. Cooper Group Inc. provides quality servicing, origination and transaction-based services related principally to single-family residences throughout the United States with operations under its primary brands: Mr. Cooper?? and Xome??. Mr. Cooper is one of the largest home loan servicers in the country focused on delivering a variety of servicing and lending products, services and technologies. Xome provides technology and data enhanced solutions to homebuyers, home sellers, real estate agents and mortgage companies.
Headquartered in Houston, Texas, ConocoPhillips had operations and activities in 16 countries, $63 billion of total assets, and approximately 9,700 employees at June 30, 2020. Production excluding Libya averaged 1,130 MBOED for the six months ended June 30, 2020, and proved reserves were 5.3 BBOE as of Dec. 31, 2019.
CoreSite Realty Corporation delivers secure, reliable, high-performance data center, cloud and interconnection solutions to a growing customer ecosystem across eight key North American markets. More than 1,350 of the world?€?s leading enterprises, network operators, cloud providers, and supporting service providers choose CoreSite to connect, protect and optimize their performance-sensitive data, applications and computing workloads. Our scalable, flexible solutions and 450+ dedicated employees consistently deliver unmatched data center options ?€? all of which leads to a best-in-class customer experience and lasting relationships.
Core-Mark Holding Company, Inc. (Core-Mark) is a marketer of fresh and supply solutions to the convenience retail industry in North America providing sales and marketing, distribution and logistics services to customer locations across the United States and Canada. It offer retailers the ability to participate in manufacturer and Company sponsored sales and marketing programs, merchandising and product category management services, as well as the use of information systems. In addition, the wholesale distributing capabilities provide services to both manufacturers of consumer products and convenience retailers. It operates in two geographic areas: the United States and Canada. It distribute a line of national and private label convenience store products to over 28,000 customer locations in all 50 states of the United States and five Canadian provinces. On May 2, 2011, the Company acquired Forrest City Grocery Company. On December 17, 2012, it acquired J.T. Davenport & Sons, Inc.
CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc., formerly Tortoise Capital Resources Corporation, focuses on acquiring midstream and downstream United States energy infrastructure assets and concurrently enter into long-term triple net leases with energy companies. Its focus includes pipelines, storage tanks, transmission lines and gathering systems. The Company focuses on acquiring infrastructure assets that qualify as real property for real estate investment trust (REIT) purposes. In December 2012, CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc acquired a Liquids Gathering System (LGS) from Ultra Petroleum Corp.
CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust Inc. Depositary Shares Series A
Corcept is a commercial-stage company engaged in the discovery and development of drugs to treat severe metabolic, oncologic and psychiatric disorders by modulating the effects of the hormone cortisol. Korlym ?? was the first drug approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for patients with Cushing?€?s syndrome. Corcept has discovered a large portfolio of proprietary compounds that selectively modulate the effects of cortisol. The company owns extensive United States and foreign intellectual property covering the composition of its selective cortisol modulators and the use of cortisol modulators to treat a variety of serious disorders.
Costco Auto Program is operated by Affinity Auto Program, which has operated the program since its inception in 1989. Costco Auto Program is recognized as a leading member-focused auto-buying program in the industry. This service offers prearranged pricing and a first-class buying experience on new and select pre-owned vehicles and RVs, as well as discounts on automobile parts, service, and accessories for U.S. Costco members. In 2019, Costco members purchased more than 600,000 vehicles through the program. Costco Auto Program surveys members who use the program to ensure the service continues to meet their high expectations. More than 95 percent of members who responded to the survey gave the program high marks across three categories ?€? value, service and overall experience. About Costco Wholesale Corporation Costco Wholesale Corporation currently operates 795 warehouses, including 552 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 101 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 27 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 12 in Australia, three in Spain, one in Iceland, one in France and one in China. Costco Wholesale Corporation currently operates 795 warehouses, including 552 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 101 in Canada, 39 in Mexico, 29 in the United Kingdom, 27 in Japan, 16 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 12 in Australia, three in Spain, one in Iceland, one in France and one in China. Costco also operates e-commerce websites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea, Taiwan, Japan, and Australia. *Visit CostcoAuto.com/Save or full details, terms and conditions.
Coty is one of the world?€?s largest beauty companies with an iconic portfolio of brands across fragrance, color cosmetics, hair color and styling, and skin and body care. Coty is the global leader in fragrance, a strong number two in professional hair color & styling, and number three in color cosmetics. Coty?€?s products are sold in over 150 countries around the world. Coty and its brands are committed to a range of social causes as well as seeking to minimize its impact on the environment.
Coupa empowers companies around the world with the visibility and control they need to spend smarter and safer.
Cowen Inc. (?€?Cowen?€? or the ?€?Company?€?) is a diversified financial services firm offering investment banking services, equity and credit research, sales and trading, prime brokerage, global clearing, commission management services and actively managed alternative investment products. Cowen focuses on delivering value-added capabilities to our clients in order to help them outperform. Founded in 1918, the Company is headquartered in New York and has offices worldwide.
Cowen Inc. 7.75% Senior Notes due 2033
Cowen Inc. 7.35% Senior Notes Due 2027
Canadian Pacific is a transcontinental railway in Canada and the United States with direct links to major ports on the west and east coasts. CP provides North American customers a competitive rail service with access to key markets in every corner of the globe. CP is growing with its customers, offering a suite of freight transportation services, logistics solutions and supply chain expertise. Visit cpr.ca to see the rail advantages of CP. CP-IR SOURCE Canadian Pacific Related Links www.cpr.ca
Copa Holdings is a leading Latin American provider of passenger and cargo services. The Company, through its operating subsidiaries, provides service to 80 destinations in 33 countries in North, Central and South America and the Caribbean with one of the youngest and most modern fleets in the industry, consisting of 102 aircraft: 6 Boeing 737MAX9s, 82 Boeing 737NGs and 14 EMBRAER 190s.
Cementos Pacasmayo SAA is a Peru-based company principally engaged in the production, distribution and sale of construction materials. The Company is active in the development of traditional and blended cement, ready-mix concrete, mortars, quicklime, concrete blocks, diatomite bricks and aggregates, among others. It manages mining units and exploration projects located in the provinces of Rioja, Tembladera, Bongara and Bayovar. Additionally, the Company provides various services and construction solutions, such as concrete pumping, metal shuttering systems, pavement service and delivery of construction materials. As of December 31, 2011, the Company owned such subsidiaries as Cementos Selva SA, Distribuidora Norte Pacasmayo SRL, Empresa de Transmision Guadalupe SAC, Fosfatos del Pacifico SA, Salmueras Sudamericanas SA and Zemex LLC. Inversiones Pacasmayo SA is the Company's majority shareholder.
CounterPath Corporation is revolutionizing how people communicate in today's modern mobile workforce. Its award-winning Bria solutions for desktop and mobile devices enable organizations to leverage their existing PBX and hosted voice call servers to extend seamless and secure unified communications and collaboration services to users regardless of their location and network. CounterPath technology meets the unique requirements of several industries, including the contact center, retail, warehouse, hospitality, and healthcare verticals. Its solutions are deployed worldwide by 8x8, Airbnb, AmeriSave, Aspect, BT, Citibank, Comcast, Fusion, Fuze, Honeywell, Liberty Global, Windstream and others.
Campbell is driven and inspired by our Purpose, "Real food that matters for life's moments." For generations, people have trusted Campbell to provide authentic, flavorful and affordable snacks, soups and simple meals, and beverages. Founded in 1869, Campbell has a heritage of giving back and acting as a good steward of the planet's natural resources. The company is a member of the Standard and Poor's 500 and the FTSE4Good Index.
Callon Petroleum is an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, exploration and development of high-quality assets in the leading oil plays of South and West Texas. This news release is posted on the Company's website at www.callon.com and will be archived there for subsequent review under the "News" link on the top of the homepage.
Central Pacific Financial Corp. is a Hawaii -based bank holding company with approximately $6.6 billion in assets. Central Pacific Bank, its primary subsidiary, operates 32 branches (four of which remain temporarily closed to protect the health and well-being of the Company's employees and customers from COVID-19) and 75 ATMs in the state of Hawaii, as of September 30, 2020.
Crescent Point Energy Corp. acquires, explores, develops, and produces oil and natural gas properties in Western Canada and the United States. The company??s oil and natural gas properties, and related assets are located in the provinces of Saskatchewan, Alberta, and Manitoba; and the states of North Dakota, Montana, Colorado, and Utah. Crescent Point Energy Corp. is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.
Canterbury Park Holding Corporation owns and operates Canterbury Park Racetrack and Card Casino in Shakopee, Minnesota, the only thoroughbred and quarter horse racing facility in the State. The Company generally offers live racing from May to September. The Card Casino hosts card games 24 hours a day, seven days a week, dealing both poker and table games. The Company also conducts year-round wagering on simulcast horse racing and hosts a variety of other entertainment and special events at its Shakopee facility. The Company is redeveloping 140 acres of underutilized land surrounding the Racetrack in a project known as Canterbury Commons???. The Company is pursuing several mixed-use development opportunities for this land, directly and through joint ventures.
China Pharma Holdings, Inc. is engaged in the development, manufacture and marketing of pharmaceutical products for human uses in connection with a range of high-incidence and high-mortality diseases and medical conditions in the People's Republic of China (the PRC). All of the Company's operations are conducted in the PRC, where its manufacturing facilities are located. The Company manufactures pharmaceutical products in the form of dry powder injectibles, liquid injectibles, tablets, capsules, oral solutions and granules. All of the Company's pharmaceutical products are sold on a prescription basis and have been approved for at least one or more therapeutic indications by the Chinese State Food and Drug Administration (the SFDA). As of December 31, 2011, the Company manufactured 20 pharmaceutical products for a range of diseases and medical indications.
Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the delivery of high-quality prescription brands to improve patient care. The Company develops, acquires, and commercializes brands for the hospital acute care and gastroenterology market segments. The Company's portfolio of FDA-approved brands includes: Acetadote ?? ( acetylcysteine ) Injection, for the treatment of acetaminophen poisoning; Caldolor ?? ( ibuprofen ) Injection, for the treatment of pain and fever; Kristalose ?? ( lactulose ) for Oral Solution, a prescription laxative, for the treatment of chronic and acute constipation; Omeclamox ?? -Pak, ( omeprazole, clarithromycin, amoxicillin ) for the treatment of Helicobacter pylori ( H. pylori ) infection and related duodenal ulcer disease; Vaprisol ?? ( conivaptan ) Injection, to raise serum sodium levels in hospitalized patients with euvolemic and hypervolemic hyponatremia; Vibativ ?? ( telavancin ) Injection, for the treatment of certain serious bacterial infections including hospital-acquired and ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia, as well as complicated skin and skin structure infections; RediTrex ?? (methotrexate) Injection, for the treatment of active rheumatoid, juvenile idiopathic and severe psoriatic arthritis, as well as disabling psoriasis.
Chesapeake Utilities Corporation is a diversified energy delivery company, listed on the New York Stock Exchange, which is engaged in natural gas transmission and distribution; electricity generation and distribution; propane gas distribution; mobile compressed natural gas (CNG) utility services and solutions; and other businesses.
CorePoint Lodging Inc. is the only pure-play publicly traded U.S. lodging REIT strategically focused on the ownership of midscale and upper-midscale select-service hotels. CorePoint owns a geographically diverse portfolio of La Quinta branded hotels in attractive locations primarily in or near employment centers, airports and major travel thoroughfares.
Capital Product Partners L.P., a Marshall Islands master limited partnership, is an international owner of ocean-going vessels. CPLP currently owns 14 vessels, including thirteen Neo-Panamax container vessels and one Capesize bulk carrier.
Capri Holdings Limited is a global fashion luxury group, consisting of iconic brands that are industry leaders in design, style and craftsmanship. Its brands cover the full spectrum of fashion luxury categories including women?€?s and men?€?s accessories, footwear and ready-to-wear as well as wearable technology, watches, jewelry, eyewear and a full line of fragrance products. The Company?€?s goal is to continue to extend the global reach of its brands while ensuring that they maintain their independence and exclusive DNA. Capri Holdings Limited is publicly listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker CPRI.
Copart, Inc., founded in 1982, is a global leader in online vehicle auctions. Copart?€?s innovative technology and online auction platform links sellers to more than 750,000 Members in over 170 countries. Copart offers services to process and sell salvage and clean title vehicles to dealers, dismantlers, rebuilders, exporters, and in some jurisdictions, to the general public. Copart sells vehicles on behalf of insurance companies, banks, finance companies, charities, fleet operators, dealers and individuals. With operations at over 200 locations in 11 countries, Copart has more than 150,000 vehicles available online every day. Copart currently operates in the United States (Copart.com), Canada (Copart.ca), the United Kingdom (Copart.co.uk), Brazil (Copart.com.br), the Republic of Ireland (Copart.ie), Germany (Copart.de), Finland (Copart.fi), the United Arab Emirates, Oman and Bahrain (Copartmea.com), and Spain (Copart.es).
Catalyst Pharmaceutical Partners, Inc. is a development-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of prescription drugs targeting addiction diseases and disorders of the central nervous system with a focus on the treatment of addiction and epilepsy. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had two drugs in development: CPP-109 and CPP-115. of December 31, 2011, it was evaluating its drug candidate, CPP-109 for the treatment of cocaine addiction. As of December 31, 2011, the Company was in the early stages of developing CPP-115, another GABA aminotransferase inhibitor. It has identified two market opportunities that can be exploited by pharmacotherapies that inhibit GABA-aminotransferase (GABA-AT): drug addiction and epilepsy.
Cooper Standard, headquartered in Novi, Mich., is a leading global supplier of systems and components for the automotive industry. Products include sealing, fuel and brake delivery and fluid transfer systems. Cooper Standard employs approximately 28,000 people globally and operates in 21 countries around the world.
CPS Technologies Corporation is a global leader in producing metal-matrix composite components and hermetic packages used to improve the reliability and performance of various electrical systems. CPS products are used in motor controllers for hybrid and electric vehicles, high-speed trains, subway cars and wind turbines. They are also used as heat spreaders in internet switches, routers and high-performance microprocessors. CPS also develops and produces metal-matrix composite armor. CPS Technologies Corporation Chuck Griffith, Chief Financial Officer 111 South Worcester Street Norton, MA 02766 Telephone: (508) 222-0614 Web Site: www.alsic.com
Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI ) is a healthcare information technology company that designs, develops, markets, installs and supports computerized information technology systems. The Company's target market includes acute care community hospitals with 300 or fewer beds and small specialty hospitals, with its primary focus on hospitals with 100 or fewer acute care beds. CPSI is providing software and hardware products, complemented by data conversion, installation, support and information technology management and professional services. Its integrated, enterprise-wide system automates the management of clinical and financial data across the primary functional areas of a hospital. In addition, it provides services that enable its customers to outsource certain data-related business processes. The Company released version 18 of the CPSI system during the year ended December 31, 2011. It also released its Physician documentation applications (Physdoc) in 2011.

Capstar Special Purpose Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Com & 12 Wt Exp 07092027
Capstar Special Purpose Acquisition Corp
Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. is an independent specialty finance company that provides indirect automobile financing to individuals with past credit problems, low incomes or limited credit histories. CPS purchases retail installment sales contracts primarily from franchised automobile dealerships secured by late model used vehicles and, to a lesser extent, new vehicles. CPS funds these contract purchases on a long-term basis through the securitization markets and services the loans over their entire contract terms.
Capstone Turbine Corporation (www.capstoneturbine.com) is the world's leading producer of highly efficient, low-emission, resilient microturbine energy systems. Capstone microturbines serve multiple vertical markets worldwide, including natural resources, energy efficiency, renewable energy, critical power supply, transportation and microgrids. Capstone offers a comprehensive product lineup via our direct sales team, as well as our global distribution network. Capstone provides scalable solutions from 30 kWs to 10 MWs that operate on a variety of fuels and are the ideal solution for today's multi-technology distributed power generation projects.
Camden Property Trust is a real estate investment trust. The Company is engaged in ownership, management, development, acquisition, and construction of multi-family apartment communities. As each of its communities has similar economic characteristics, residents, amenities and services, its operations have been aggregated into one segment. In April 2011, it sold one of its land parcels to one of the Funds. In June 2011, it sold another land parcel to the Fund. In August 2011, it acquired 30.1 acres of land located in Atlanta, Georgia. In December 2011, it acquired 2.2 acres of land in Glendale, California. During the year ended December 31, 2011, it sold two properties consisting of 788 units located in Dallas, Texas. During 2011, the Funds acquired 18 multifamily properties totaling 6,076 units located in the Houston, Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, Tampa and Atlanta. In January 2012, one of the Funds acquired one multifamily property consisted of 350 units located in Raleigh.
Capitala Finance Corp. is a business development company that invests primarily in first lien loans, and, to a lesser extent, second lien loans and equity securities issued by lower and traditional middle market companies. The Company is managed by Capitala Investment Advisors, LLC.
Capitala Finance Corp. 5.75% Convertible Notes Due 2022

Calamos LongShort Equity & Dynamic Income Trust
Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P., through its subsidiary, Sabine Pass LNG, L.P., owns and operates the Sabine Pass liquefied natural gas (LNG) terminal located on the Sabine Pass deep water shipping channel. The Sabine Pass LNG terminal has regasification facilities that include infrastructure of five LNG storage tanks with capacity of approximately 16.9 billion cubic feet equivalent; two docks that accommodate vessels of up to 266,000 cubic meters; and vaporizers with regasification capacity of approximately 4.0 billion cubic feet per day. It also owns the Creole Trail Pipeline, a 94-mile pipeline interconnecting the Sabine Pass LNG terminal with various interstate pipelines. Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC serves as the general partner of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. The company was founded in 2003 and is based in Houston, Texas. Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. is subsidiary of Cheniere Energy, Inc.
Crane Co. is a diversified manufacturer of highly engineered industrial products. Founded in 1855, Crane Co. provides products and solutions to customers in the chemicals, oil & gas, power, automated payment solutions, banknote design and production and aerospace & defense markets, along with a wide range of general industrial and consumer related end markets. The Company has four business segments: Fluid Handling, Payment & Merchandising Technologies, Aerospace & Electronics and Engineered Materials. Crane Co. has approximately 12,000 employees in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Asia and Australia. Crane Co. is traded on the New York Stock Exchange.
CRA is a global consulting firm specializing in litigation, regulatory, financial, and management consulting. CRA advises clients on economic and financial matters pertaining to litigation and regulatory proceedings, and guides corporations through critical business strategy and performance-related issues. Since 1965, clients have engaged CRA for its unique combination of functional expertise and industry knowledge, and for its objective solutions to complex problems. Headquartered in Boston, CRA has offices throughout the world.
Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. is a clinical-stage company focused on the development and commercialization of novel medicines designed to target the endocannabinoid system. The Company?€?s lead product candidate, lenabasum, is a novel, oral, selective cannabinoid receptor type 2 (CB2) agonist designed to provide an alternative to immunosuppressive medications in the treatment of chronic inflammatory and fibrotic diseases. Lenabasum is currently being evaluated in dermatomyositis and systemic lupus erythematosus. Corbus is also developing a pipeline of other preclinical drug candidates from its endocannabinoid system platform. Lenabasum is not approved for the treatment of any indication. For more information on Corbus?€? clinical programs, please visit here.
Chromcraft Revington, Inc. is engaged in the design, import, manufacture and marketing of residential and commercial furniture. The Company markets its residential furniture products under the Chromcraft, Peters-Revington, Southern Living, CR Kids & Beyond and Cochrane brand names. The Chromcraft brand is also used in the commercial furniture markets. Its commercial furniture is sold primarily to office furniture dealers, wholesalers, distributors, furniture rental stores and contract customers. Its major customers include Nebraska Furniture Mart, Jordan's, American of Madison, Rooms To Go, and Aaron's. On May 30, 2013 the Company acquired ownership of its Senatobia facility and land through a property exchange with Tate County, Mississippi. In November 2013, Sport-Haley Holdings, Inc completed its previously announced merger with Chromcraft Revington, Inc. Effective November 8, 2013, Sport-Haley Inc merged with Chromcraft Revington Inc.
Based in Atlanta, Crawford & Company (NYSE: CRD?€?A and CRD?€?B) is the world?€?s largest publicly listed independent provider of claims management and outsourcing solutions to carriers, brokers, and corporates with an expansive global network serving clients in more than 70 countries. The Company?€?s two classes of stock are substantially identical, except with respect to voting rights and the Company?€?s ability to pay greater cash dividends on the non-voting Class A Common Stock (CRD-A) than on the voting Class B Common Stock (CRD-B), subject to certain limitations. In addition, with respect to mergers or similar transactions, holders of CRD-A must receive the same type and amount of consideration as holders of CRD-B, unless different consideration is approved by the holders of 75 percent of CRD-A, voting as a class.
Crawford & Company (Crawford) is an independent provider of claims management solutions to the risk management and insurance industry, as well as self-insured entities entities, with a global network serving clients in more than 70 countries. It has four segments: America, which serves the property and casualty insurance company markets in the U.S., Canada, Latin America, and the Caribbean; International Operations, EMEA/AP, which serves the property and casualty insurance company markets in Europe, including the United Kingdom, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia-Pacific; Broadspire, which serves the United States self-insurance marketplace, and Legal Settlement Administration, which serves the securities, bankruptcy and other legal settlements markets, primarily in the United States. In October 2011, The Garden City Group, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company acquired Settlement Services, Inc. In February 2011, the Company acquired Studio Bolton & Associati S.r.l.
Cardiff Oncology (formerly Trovagene, Inc.) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company with the singular mission of developing new treatment options for cancer patients in indications with the greatest medical need. Our goal is to overcome resistance, improve response to treatment and increase overall survival. We are developing onvansertib, a first-in-class, third-generation Polo-like Kinase 1 (PLK1) inhibitor, in combination with standard-of-care chemotherapy and targeted therapeutics. Our clinical development programs incorporate tumor genomics and biomarker technology to enable assessment of patient response to treatment. We have three ongoing clinical programs that are demonstrating the safety and efficacy of onvansertib: a Phase 1b /2 study of onvansertib in combination with FOLFIRI/Avastin?? in KRAS-mutated metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC); a Phase 2 study of onvansertib in combination with Zytiga?? (abiraterone)/prednisone in metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC); and a Phase 2 study of onvansertib in combination with decitabine in relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML).
Cree is an innovator of Wolfspeed ?? power and radio frequency (RF) semiconductors and lighting class LEDs. Cree?€?s Wolfspeed product families include silicon carbide materials, power-switching devices and RF devices targeted for applications such as electric vehicles, fast charging inverters, power supplies, telecom and military and aerospace. Cree?€?s LED product families include blue and green LED chips, high-brightness LEDs and lighting-class power LEDs targeted for indoor and outdoor lighting, video displays, transportation and specialty lighting applications.
China Recycling Energy Corporation ("CREG" or "the Company") is based in Xi'an, China and provides environmentally friendly waste-to-energy technologies to recycle industrial byproducts for steel mills, cement factories and coke plants in China. Byproducts include heat, steam, pressure, and exhaust to generate large amounts of lower-cost electricity and reduce the need for outside electrical sources. The Chinese government has adopted policies to encourage the use of recycling technologies to optimize resource allocation and reduce pollution. Currently, recycled energy represents only an estimated 1% of total energy consumption and this renewable energy resource is viewed as a growth market due to intensified environmental concerns and rising energy costs as the Chinese economy continues to expand. The Company?€?s management and engineering teams have over 20 years of experience in industrial energy recovery in China.
Cresud SACIF y A is an Argentina-based company engaged in the production of basic agricultural commodities, livestock industry, as well as in the development and sale of properties. The Company's business is structured in four segments: Crops Production, which includes such cultivated crops as wheat, corn, sunflower, Soya bean and others; Milk Production business is carried out in the dairy facility; Beef Cattle Production sector involves the breeding and fattening of animals and Land Reserves segment, focused on the acquisition, transformation and sale of farmland, which consider development of agricultural properties and provision of commodity brokerage services. In addition, through its subsidiary IRSA Inversiones y Representaciones SA, it is involved in the acquisition and development of shopping malls, offices and luxury hotels, among others.
Creative Realities, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides digital marketing technology solutions to retailers, brand marketers, venue-operators, enterprises, non-profits, and other organizations primarily in the United States and internationally. Its technology and solutions include digital merchandising systems, interactive digital shopping assistants and kiosks, mobile digital marketing platforms, digital wayfinding platforms, digital menu board systems, dynamic signage, and other digital marketing technologies. The company enables the clients?? engagement with consumers by using its technology and solutions that interact with mobile, social media, point-of-sale, wireless networks, and Web-based platforms. It also provides consulting, design, content development and production, software development, engineering, implementation, and field services; and maintenance and support services related to its software, managed systems, and solutions. The company sells its solutions to hospitality, branded retail, automotive, food service, and retail healthcare industries. Creative Realities, Inc. is headquartered in New York, New York.
Creative Realities Inc - Warrants (09/11/2022)
CRH public limited company, through its subsidiaries, manufactures and distributes building materials. The company operates through six segments: Europe Heavyside, Europe Lightside, Europe Distribution, Americas Materials, Americas Products, and Americas Distribution. The company manufactures and supplies cement, aggregates, ready-mixed and precast concrete, concrete landscaping, and asphalt products; and construction accessories, shutters and awnings, and fencing and composite access chambers. It also produces and sells concrete masonry and hardscapes; clay brick, packaged lawn, and garden products; packaged cement mixes; fencing, utility, drainage, and structural precast products; glass and aluminum glazing systems; and construction accessories, as well as provides asphalt paving services. In addition, the company is involved in distributing bricks, cement, sanitary, heating, plumbing, and other building products; exterior products, such as roofing and siding products; and interior products, including gypsum wallboards, metal studs, and acoustical ceiling systems. It operates 135 DIY (do-it-yourself) stores under the Karwei and GAMMA brand names in the Netherlands; 19 DIY stores under the GAMMA brand in Belgium; and 30 DIY stores under the Hagebau brand name in Germany. The company serves concrete producers and merchants, local governmental highway authorities, contractors, public and private construction sectors, architects and engineers, small and medium-sized builders, plumbers, heating specialists and installers, DIY enthusiasts and home improvers, residential and non-residential markets, and multi-family and commercial construction markets, as well as water, electrical and telephone utilities. It operates primarily in Western Europe and North America, as well as in Eastern Europe, South America, China, and India. CRH public limited company was founded in 1936 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland.

Cohn Robbins Holdings Corp Units each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and onethird of one redeemable warrant
Cohn Robbins Holdings Corp - Warrants (28/08/2025)
CRHM
Carter?€?s, Inc. is the largest branded marketer in North America of apparel exclusively for babies and young children. The Company owns the Carter?€?s and OshKosh B ?€? gosh brands, two of the most recognized brands in the marketplace. These brands are sold in leading department stores, national chains, and specialty retailers domestically and internationally. They are also sold through approximately 1,100 Company-operated stores in the United States, Canada, and Mexico and on-line at www.carters.com, www.oshkosh.com, www.cartersoshkosh.ca, and www.carters.com.mx. The Company?€?s Child of Mine brand is available at Walmart, its Just One You brand is available at Target, and its Simple Joys brand is available on Amazon. The Company also owns Skip Hop, a global lifestyle brand for families with young children. Carter?€?s is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.
Curis is a biotechnology company focused on the development of innovative therapeutics for the treatment of cancer. In 2015, Curis entered into a collaboration??with Aurigene in the areas of immuno-oncology and precision oncology. As part of this collaboration, Curis has exclusive licenses to oral small molecule antagonists of immune checkpoints including, the VISTA/PDL1 antagonist CA-170, and the TIM3/PDL1 antagonist CA-327, as well as the IRAK4 kinase inhibitor, CA-4948. CA-4948 is currently undergoing testing in a Phase 1 trial in patients with non-Hodgkin lymphoma and in a Phase 1 trial in patients with acute myeloid leukemia and myelodysplastic syndromes. In addition, Curis is engaged in a collaboration with ImmuNext for development of CI-8993, a monoclonal anti-VISTA antibody, which is currently undergoing testing in a Phase 1a/ 1b trial in patients with solid tumors. Curis is also party to a collaboration with Genentech, a member of the Roche Group, under which Genentech and Roche are commercializing Erivedge ?? for the treatment of advanced basal cell carcinoma.
Comstock Resources, Inc. is an independent energy company engaged in the acquisition, development, production and exploration of oil and natural gas properties. The Company's assets are located in Texas, Louisiana and North Dakota. A slide show presentation on the financial results will be available on Comstock's website at www.comstockresources.com. Click on ?€?Quarterly Results?€? to view the slide show.
Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. is a global provider of solutions, which accelerate the early-stage drug discovery and development process. The focus of its business is in vivo biology; its portfolio includes research models and services required to enable in vivo drug discovery and development. The Company operates in two segments: Research Models and Services (RMS) and Preclinical Services (PCS). Through its RMS segment, the Company has been supplying research models to the drug development industry. The Company is engaged in the production and sale of rodent research model strains, principally genetically and microbiologically defined purpose-bred rats and mice. Its PCS business segment provides services that enable its clients to outsource their critical, regulatory-required safety assessment and related drug development activities to the Company. In August 2012, the Company acquired Accugenix, Inc. In January 2013, the Company acquired 75% ownership of Vital River.
salesforce.com, inc. is a provider of enterprise cloud computing and social enterprise solutions. The Company provides a customer and collaboration relationship management (CRM), applications through the Internet or cloud. Cloud computing refers to the use of Internet-based computing, storage and connectivity technology to deliver a variety of different services. The Company delivers its service through Internet browsers and mobile devices. It markets its social enterprise applications and platforms to businesses on a subscription basis, primarily through its direct sales efforts and indirectly through partners. In May 2013, salesForce.com Inc acquired Clipboard Inc. In July 2013, salesforce.com, Inc. completed its acquisition of ExactTarget Inc.
CorMedix Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the prevention and treatment of infectious and inflammatory diseases. The Company is focused on developing its lead product Defencath ??, a novel, antibacterial and antifungal solution designed to prevent costly and life-threatening bloodstream infections associated with the use of central venous catheters in patients undergoing chronic hemodialysis. Defencath?€?s NDA has been filed and accepted for priority review with a PDUFA date of February 28, 2021. Defencath has been designated by FDA as Fast Track and as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product, which provides an additional five years of marketing exclusivity, which will be added to the five years granted to a New Chemical Entity upon approval of the NDA. CorMedix also intends to develop Defencath as a catheter lock solution for use in oncology and total parenteral nutrition patients. It is leveraging its taurolidine technology to develop a pipeline of antimicrobial medical devices, with programs in surgical sutures and meshes, and topical hydrogels. The Company is also working with top-tier researchers to develop taurolidine-based therapies for rare pediatric cancers. Neutrolin??? is CE Marked and marketed in Europe and other territories as a medical device.
America?€?s Car-Mart, Inc. operates automotive dealerships in twelve states and is one of the largest publicly-held automotive retailers in the United States focused exclusively on the ?€?Integrated Auto Sales and Finance?€? segment of the used car market. The Company emphasizes superior customer service and the building of strong personal relationships with its customers. The Company operates its dealerships primarily in smaller cities throughout the South-Central United States selling quality used vehicles and providing financing for substantially all of its customers.
Cerence is the global industry leader in creating unique, moving experiences for the automotive world. As an innovation partner to the world?€?s leading automakers, it is helping transform how a car feels, responds and learns. Its track record is built on more than 20 years of knowledge and more than 325 million cars on the road today. Whether it?€?s connected cars, autonomous driving or e-vehicles, Cerence is mapping the road ahead.
Ceragon Networks Ltd. is the #1 wireless hauling specialist. We help operators and other service providers worldwide increase operational efficiency and enhance end customers' quality of experience with innovative wireless backhaul and fronthaul solutions. Our customers include wireless service providers, public safety organizations, government agencies and utility companies, which use our solutions to deliver 5G & 4G, mission-critical multimedia services and other applications at high reliability and speed. Ceragon's unique multicore technology and disaggregated approach to wireless hauling provides highly reliable, fast to deploy, high-capacity wireless hauling for 5G and 4G networks with minimal use of spectrum, power and other resources. It enables increased productivity, as well as simple and quick network modernization, positioning Ceragon as a leading solutions provider for the 5G era. We deliver a range of professional services that ensure efficient network rollout and optimization to achieve the highest value for our customers. Our solutions are deployed by more than 460 service providers, as well as hundreds of private network owners, in more than 130 countries. Join The Discussion LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/companies/14470 Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/CeragonNetworks Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/Ceragon YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/CeragonNetworks?feature=mhum Safe Harbor Ceragon Networks?? and FibeAir?? are registered trademarks of Ceragon Networks Ltd. in the United States and other countries. CERAGON ?? is a trademark of Ceragon Networks Ltd., registered in various countries. Other names mentioned are owned by their respective holders.
Crinetics Pharmaceuticals Inc
Cronos Group??is an innovative global cannabinoid company with international production and distribution across five continents. Cronos Group is committed to building disruptive intellectual??property??by advancing??cannabis research, technology and??product development. With a passion to??responsibly elevate the consumer experience,??Cronos Group??is building an iconic brand portfolio. Cronos Group?€?s portfolio includes PEACE NATURALS ???, a global health and wellness platform, two adult-use brands, COVE ??? and Spinach ???, and three hemp-derived CBD brands, Lord Jones ???, Happy Dance ??? and PEACE+ ???.
Crocs, Inc. is a world leader in innovative casual footwear for women, men, and children, combining comfort and style with a value that consumers know and love. The vast majority of shoes within Crocs' collection contains Croslite??? material, a proprietary, molded footwear technology, delivering extraordinary comfort with each step. In 2020, Crocs declares that expressing yourself and being comfortable are not mutually exclusive.
Carpenter Technology Corporation is a recognized leader in high-performance specialty alloy-based materials and process solutions for critical applications in the aerospace, defense, transportation, medical, energy, industrial, and consumer electronics markets. Founded in 1889, Carpenter Technology has evolved to become a pioneer in premium specialty alloys, including titanium, nickel, and cobalt, as well as alloys specifically engineered for additive manufacturing (AM) processes and soft magnetics applications. Carpenter Technology has expanded its AM capabilities to provide a complete ?€?end-to-end?€? solution to accelerate materials innovation and streamline parts production.
Crescent Acquisition Corp
Crescent Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Ordinary share Cls A 12 Wrt
Crescent Acquisition Corp Wt Exp 03072024
CRISPR Therapeutics is a leading gene editing company focused on developing transformative gene-based medicines for serious diseases using its proprietary CRISPR/Cas9 platform. CRISPR/Cas9 is a revolutionary gene editing technology that allows for precise, directed changes to genomic DNA. CRISPR Therapeutics has established a portfolio of therapeutic programs across a broad range of disease areas including hemoglobinopathies, oncology, regenerative medicine and rare diseases. To accelerate and expand its efforts, CRISPR Therapeutics has established strategic collaborations with leading companies including Bayer, Vertex Pharmaceuticals and ViaCyte, Inc. CRISPR Therapeutics AG is headquartered in Zug, Switzerland, with its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary, CRISPR Therapeutics, Inc., and R&D operations based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and business offices in San Francisco, California and London, United Kingdom.
Corsair Gaming, Inc. is a leading global developer and manufacturer of high-performance gear and technology for gamers, content creators, and PC enthusiasts. From award-winning PC components and peripherals, to premium streaming equipment and smart ambient lighting, Corsair delivers a full ecosystem of products that work together to enable everyone, from casual gamers to committed professionals, to perform at their very best. Corsair also sells gear under our Elgato brand, which provides premium studio equipment and accessories for content creators, SCUF Gaming brand, which builds custom-designed controllers for competitive gamers, and ORIGIN PC brand, a builder of custom gaming and workstation desktop PCs and laptops.
Cross Timbers Royalty Trust is an express trust. The net profits interests are the principal asset of the trust. The net profits interests consists of: the 90% net profits interests, which are carved from producing royalty and overriding royalty interest properties in Texas, Oklahoma and New Mexico, and 11.11% nonparticipating royalty interests in nonproducing properties located primarily in Texas and Oklahoma, and the 75% net profits interests, which are carved from working interests in four properties in Texas and three properties in Oklahoma. As of December 31, 2011, all underlying royalties, underlying nonproducing royalties and underlying working interest properties were owned by XTO Energy Inc. (XTO Energy). Approximately 20 of the underlying royalty interests in the San Juan Basin burden working interests in properties operated by XTO Energy. Bank of America, N.A. is the trustee of the trust.
Jerrick Media Holdings Inc
Jerrick Media Holdings Inc - Warrants (01/01/2025)
Criteo S.A. enables companies to engage and convert their customers online whether they are on a desktop, laptop, tablet or smartphone. Through its predictive algorithms, the Company delivers performance- based online display advertising on real-time consumer data. The Company serves more than 4,000 e-commerce companies across 37 countries globally. The Company's products include CPOP Platform, Programmatic Buying, Facebook Exchange, Mobile and Ad-X tracking. The Company's mobile solution offers a combination of real-time user targeting and personalized dynamic creative to maximize post click conversions. Its AD-X Tracking provides a stand-alone solution for global brands to utilize in-app events and downloads to optimize their mobile campaign performance across hundreds of mobile ad networks and other marketing solutions.
Cortexyme, Inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company pioneering upstream therapeutic approaches designed to improve the lives of patients diagnosed with Alzheimer?€?s and other degenerative diseases. Based upon the evidence generated to date, Cortexyme is currently advancing its lead therapeutic candidate, atuzaginstat (COR388), in the GAIN Trial, an ongoing Phase 2/3 clinical trial in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer?€?s disease. Cortexyme is targeting a specific, infectious pathogen found in the brain of Alzheimer?€?s patients and tied to neurodegeneration and neuroinflammation in animal models.
Cirrus Logic, Inc. (Cirrus Logic) develops analog and mixed-signal integrated circuits (IC) for a broad range of consumer and industrial markets. Building on its diverse analog mixed-signal patent portfolio, Cirrus Logic delivers optimized products for consumer and professional audio, automotive entertainment, and targeted industrial applications, including energy control, energy measurement, light emitting diode (LED) lighting and energy exploration. The Company serves customers in the United States, Europe and Asia, including the People's Republic of China, Hong Kong, South Korea, Japan, Singapore, Taiwan and the United Kingdom. In October 2013, the Company acquired Acoustic Technologies, Inc.
CorVel Corporation is a national provider of innovative workers?€? compensation, auto, liability and health solutions for employers, third party administrators, insurance companies, and government agencies seeking to control costs and promote positive outcomes. We apply technology, intelligence, and a human touch throughout the risk management process so our clients can intervene early and often while being connected to the critical intelligence they need to proactively manage risk. With a robust technology platform at its core, our connected solution is delivered by a national team of associates who are committed to helping clients design and administer programs that meet their organization?€?s performance goals.
Corvus Pharmaceuticals is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. Corvus?€? lead product candidates are ciforadenant (CPI-444), a small molecule inhibitor of the A2A receptor, and CPI-006, a humanized monoclonal antibody directed against CD73 that has exhibited immunomodulatory activity and activation of immune cells in preclinical studies. These product candidates are being studied in ongoing Phase 1b/2 and Phase 1/1b clinical trials in patients with a wide range of advanced solid tumors. Ciforadenant is being evaluated in a successive expansion cohort Phase 1b/2 trial examining its activity both as a single agent and in combination with an anti-PD-L1 antibody. CPI-006 is being evaluated in a multicenter Phase 1/1b clinical trial as a single agent, in combination with ciforadenant and pembrolizumab. The Company?€?s third cancer clinical program, CPI-818, is an investigational, oral, small molecule drug that selectively inhibited ITK in preclinical studies, is in a multicenter Phase 1/1b clinical trial in patients with several types of T-cell lymphomas. The Company is also evaluating CPI-006 as a treatment for COVID-19 patients.
CrowdStrike Holdings Inc
Crown Crafts, Inc. designs, markets and distributes infant, toddler and juvenile consumer products. Founded in 1957, Crown Crafts is one of America?€?s largest producers of infant bedding, toddler bedding, bibs and developmental toys. The Company operates through its three wholly owned subsidiaries, NoJo Baby & Kids, Inc., Sassy Baby, Inc. and Carousel Designs, LLC, which market a variety of infant, toddler and juvenile products under Company-owned trademarks, as well as licensed collections and exclusive private label programs. Sales are made directly to retailers such as mass merchants, large chain stores and juvenile specialty stores, as well as directly to consumers through www.babybedding.com.
CryoLife, Inc. (CryoLife,) is a biological medical device company. The Company preserves and distributes human tissues for transplantation and develops, manufactures, and commercializes medical devices for cardiac and vascular applications. The cardiac and vascular human tissues distributed by CryoLife include the CryoValve SG pulmonary heart valve (CryoValve SGPV) and the CryoPatch SG pulmonary cardiac patch tissue (CryoPatch SG), both processed using CryoLife's SynerGraft technology. The Company operates in two segments: preservation services and medical devices segment. In May 2011, it acquired Cardiogenesis Corporation. In May 2012, the Company acquired Hemosphere, Inc. Hemosphere develops and markets the HeRO (Hemodialysis Reliable Outflow) Graft, a graft-based solution for end-stage renal disease (ESRD) hemodialysis patients with limited access options and central venous obstruction.
Credit Suisse's Total Commodity Return Strategy is managed by a team with over 35 years of combined experience, and seeks to outperform the return of a commodities index, such as the Bloomberg Commodity Index Total Return or the S&P GSCI Total Return Index, using both a quantitative and qualitative commodity research process. Commodity index total returns are achieved through: Spot Return: price return on specified commodity futures contracts; Roll Yield: impact due to migration of futures positions from near to far contracts; and Collateral Yield: return earned on collateral for the futures. As of January 31, 2020, the Team managed approximately USD 6.4 billion in assets globally.
Champions Oncology, Inc., formerly Champions Biotechnology, Inc. is a United States-based company that is engaged in the development of advanced technology solutions to personalize the development and use of oncology drugs. The Company's Tumorgraft Technology Platform is an approach to personalizing cancer care based upon the implantation of human tumors in immune deficient mice. The Company uses this technology in conjunction with related services to offer solutions for two customer groups: the Company's Personalized Oncology Solutions (POS) business, which provides services to physicians and patients looking for information to help guide the development of a personalized treatment plans, and its Translational Oncology Solutions (TOS) business, which provides services to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies seeking personalized approaches to drug development.
Cisco is the worldwide leader in technology that powers the Internet. Cisco inspires new possibilities by reimagining your applications, securing your data, transforming your infrastructure, and empowering your teams for a global and inclusive future. Discover more on The Network and follow us on Twitter. Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company. About AppDynamics AppDynamics, a part of Cisco, is the world?€?s #1 Application Performance Monitoring (APM) solution and AIOps platform. AppDynamics is a full-stack, business centric observability platform that helps technologists prevent digital performance issues by monitoring cloud-native technologies and traditional infrastructure to understand exactly what drives user experiences and impacts the bottom line for businesses. Core products include: Business iQ, Experience Journey Map, and Cognition Engine. AppDynamics has been recognized by Gartner as a leader in the APM market for more than eight years and was positioned highest in ?€?ability to execute?€? in Gartner?€?s 2020 Magic Quadrant Report for APM. It received Glassdoor?€?s 2019 Best Places to Work Award and Fortune?€?s top 5 Best Places to Work in 2020 as part of Cisco.
China Advanced Construction Materials Group, Inc. is a holding company. The Company's business operations are conducted through its wholly-owned subsidiaries BVI-ACM and China-ACMH, and its variable interest entity Xin Ao. The Company engages in the production of construction materials for infrastructure, commercial and residential developments. The Company is primarily focused on engineering, producing, servicing, delivering and pumping a range of ready-mix concrete materials for construction projects. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2012 (fiscal 2012), the Company operate in four segments: selling concrete, manufacturing concrete, providing technical support services and other services, which include mixer rental, sales of materials and marketing cooperation.
CoStar Group, Inc. is the leading provider of commercial real estate information, analytics and online marketplaces. Founded in 1987, CoStar conducts expansive, ongoing research to produce and maintain the largest and most comprehensive database of commercial real estate information. Our suite of online services enables clients to analyze, interpret and gain unmatched insight on commercial property values, market conditions and current availabilities. STR provides premium data benchmarking, analytics and marketplace insights for the global hospitality sector. Ten-X provides a leading platform for conducting commercial real estate online auctions and negotiated bids. LoopNet is the most heavily trafficked commercial real estate marketplace online with over 7 million monthly unique visitors. Realla is the UK?€?s most comprehensive commercial property digital marketplace. Apartments.com, ApartmentFinder.com, ForRent.com, ApartmentHomeLiving.com, Westside Rentals, AFTER55.com, CorporateHousing.com, ForRentUniversity.com and Apartamentos.com form the premier online apartment resource for renters seeking great apartment homes and provide property managers and owners a proven platform for marketing their properties. CoStar Group?€?s websites attracted an average of approximately 69 million unique monthly visitors in aggregate in the third quarter of 2020. Headquartered in Washington, DC, CoStar Group maintains offices throughout the U.S. and in Europe, Canada and Asia with a staff of over 4,300 worldwide, including the industry?€?s largest professional research organization.
CSG Systems International, Inc. (CSG) is a business support solutions provider primarily serving the communications industry. The Company's primary product solutions include cable and satellite care and billing; convergent rating and billing; mediation and data management; wholesale settlement and routing; customer interaction management; analytics and intelligence, and content management and monetization. The Company's core billing and customer care and business optimization platform, Advanced Convergent Platform (ACP), is a pre-integrated platform, delivered in an outsourced service bureau environment. Additionally, it licenses software products (Wholesale Business Management (WBM) Solution, Total Service Mediation (TSM), and Singleview) and provide its professional services to implement these software products. In July 2012, CSG announced the acquisition of Ascade. In December 2013, CSG Systems International, Inc. purchased key assets of Volubill.
Cardiovascular Systems, Inc., based in St. Paul, Minn., is a medical device company focused on developing and commercializing innovative solutions for treating vascular and coronary disease. The company?€?s orbital atherectomy system treats calcified and fibrotic plaque in arterial vessels throughout the leg and heart and addresses many of the limitations associated with existing surgical, catheter and pharmacological treatment alternatives.
Canadian Solar was founded in 2001 in Canada and is one of the world's largest solar power companies. It is a leading manufacturer of solar photovoltaic modules and provider of solar energy solutions and has a geographically diversified pipeline of utility-scale solar power projects in various stages of development. Over the past 19 years, Canadian Solar has successfully delivered over 49 GW of premium-quality, solar photovoltaic modules to customers in over 150 countries. Canadian Solar is one of the most bankable companies in the solar industry, having been publicly listed on NASDAQ since 2006.
Carlisle Companies Incorporated is a diversified, global portfolio of niche brands and businesses that manufactures highly engineered products and solutions for its customers. Driven by our strategic plan, Vision 2025, Carlisle is committed to generating superior shareholder returns by combining an entrepreneurial management style under a center-led framework with a balanced approach to capital deployment, all with a culture of responsible stewardship and continuous improvement as embodied in the Carlisle Operating System. Carlisle?€?s markets include: commercial roofing, specialty polyurethane, architectural metal, aerospace, medical technologies, defense, transportation, industrial, protective coating, auto refinishing, agriculture, and construction. Carlisle?€?s worldwide team of employees generated $4.8 billion in revenues in 2019.
Castlight is on a mission to make it as easy as humanly possible for its users to navigate the healthcare system and live happier, healthier, more productive lives. Our health navigation platform connects hundreds of health vendors, benefits resources, and plan designs into one comprehensive health and wellbeing experience. We guide individuals?€?based on their unique profile?€?to the best resources available to them, whether they are healthy, chronically ill, or actively seeking medical care. Castlight transforms the employee benefit experience into a deeply personalized, yet simple, guided one, empowering better-informed patient decisions to unlock better healthcare outcomes and maximizing return on healthcare investments.
Cornerstone is a premier people development company. We believe people can achieve anything when they have the right development and growth opportunities. We offer organizations the technology, content, expertise and specialized focus to help them realize the potential of their people. Featuring comprehensive recruiting, personalized learning, modern training content, development-driven performance management and holistic employee data management and insights, Cornerstone's people development solutions are used by approximately 6,300 clients of all sizes, spanning more than 75 million users across over 180 countries and 50+ languages.
CSPi (NASDAQ: operates two divisions, each with unique expertise in designing and implementing technology solutions to help their customers use technology as a means to success. The High Performance Product division, including ARIA Cybersecurity Solutions, originated from supporting initiatives for the Department of Defense and Western intelligence agencies related to network monitoring, data protection, and intelligence initiatives. This focused mindset now results in foolproof data protection, enterprise-wide. Our ARIA Software Defined Security solutions set provides enhanced network security, as well as accelerating incident response capabilities, while our Myricom nVoy Series appliances provide automated breach identification and notification, enabled by the 10G dropless packet capture inherent in our Myricom intelligent adapters. CSPi?€?s Technology Solutions division helps clients achieve their business goals and accelerate time to market through innovative IT solutions and professional services by partnering with best-in-class technology providers. For organizations that want the benefits of an IT department without the cost, we offer a robust catalog of Managed IT Services providing 24??365 proactive support. Our team of engineers have expertise across major industries supporting five key technology areas: Advanced Security; Communication and Collaboration; Data Center; Networking; and Wireless & Mobility. Safe Harbor The Company wishes to take advantage of the ?€?Safe Harbor?€? provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking under the Act.
Casper believes everyone should sleep better. The Sleep Company has a full portfolio of obsessively engineered sleep products?€?including mattresses, pillows, bedding, and furniture?€?designed in-house by the Company?€?s award-winning R&D team at Casper Labs in San Francisco. In addition to its e-commerce business, Casper owns and operates Sleep Shops across North America and its products are available at a growing list of retailers.
Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment, Inc. is a fast-growing provider of positive and entertaining video content that brings out the best of the human spirit. The Company is aggressively growing its business through a combination of organic growth, licensing and distribution arrangements, acquisitions, and strategic relationships. Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment is also expanding its partnerships with sponsors, television networks and independent producers. The Company will make its video content available to consumers globally through television and online networks, including its online affiliate APlus.com. The company is a subsidiary of Chicken Soup for the Soul, LLC.
Chicken Soup For The Soul Entertainment Inc 9.50 Notes 2025
Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment Inc - 9.75% PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 - Ser A
Caesarstone is a concept and lifestyle-driven company with a customer-centered approach to designing, developing, and producing high-end engineered surfaces used in residential and commercial buildings. Our products offer superior aesthetic appeal and perfected functionality through a distinct variety of colors, styles, textures, and finishes used in countertops, vanities, wall cladding, floors, and other interior surfaces. Marked by their inherent longevity characteristics such as non-porousness, scratch and stain resistance, and durability, the company?€?s product umbrella offers a highly desirable alternative to other surfaces. Strong commitment to service has fostered growing customer loyalty in over 50 countries where the five distinct Caesarstone product collections are available: Classico, Supernatural, Metropolitan, Concetto and Outdoor.
CASTELLE
Constellium N.V., formerly Constellium Holdco BV, is a Netherlands-based company, which is engaged in the manufacture of aluminum products and solutions. The Company is a supplier of such sectors as: aerospace, automotive and packaging. Constellium Holdco BV offers plates, sheet and coil, precision casting, cockpit carriers for vehicles, vehicle safety components, profiles, as well as tubes and bars, among others. Its main customers include: Airbus, Boeing, Embraer, Audi, BMW, Citroen, Renault, Mercedes Benz, Jaguar and others. The Company is active domestically and abroad, including North America, Europe and Asia.
Outerwall Inc, formerly Coinstar, Inc., is a provider of automated retail solutions, which offers convenient products and services. the Company's offerings in automated retail include its Redbox business, where consumers can rent or purchase movies and video games from self-service kiosks (Redbox segment), and its Coin business, where consumers can convert their coin to cash or stored value products at self-service coin counting kiosks (Coin segment). Its New Ventures business (New Ventures segment) is focused on identifying, evaluating, building, and developing self-service concepts in the marketplace. On June 9, 2011, the Company completed the sale transaction of the Money Transfer Business to Sigue Corporation (Sigue). In June 2012, the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Redbox Automated Retail, LLC, acquired certain assets of NCR Corp's self-service entertainment DVD kiosk business. In October 2013, Jana Partners LLC acquired a 13.5% stake in Outerwall Inc.
Dallas-based Capital Senior Living Corporation is one of the nation?€?s largest operators of independent living, assisted living and memory care communities for senior adults. The Company operates 119 communities that are home to more than 10,000 residents across 22 states and provide compassionate, resident-centric service and care as well as engaging programming. Capital Senior Living offers seniors the freedom and opportunity to successfully, comfortably and happily age in place.
Carriage Services is a leading provider of deathcare services and merchandise in the United States. Carriage operates 189 funeral homes in 29 states and 32 cemeteries in 11 states.
Capital Southwest Corporation is a Dallas, Texas-based, internally managed business development company with approximately $286 million in net assets as of September 30, 2020. Capital Southwest is a middle market lending firm focused on supporting the acquisition and growth of middle market businesses with??$5 million to $25 million??investments across the capital structure, including first lien, unitranche, second lien, subordinated debt and non-control equity co-investments. As a public company with a permanent capital base,??Capital Southwest??has the flexibility to be creative in its financing solutions and to invest to support the growth of its portfolio companies over long periods of time.
Capital Southwest Corporation 5.95% Notes due 2022
Computer Software Innovations, Inc. develops software applications and provides hardware and software based technology solutions. The Company operates in three segments: the Financial Management Applications segments, the Cloud Services Segment and the Technology Solutions Segment. The Company offers a range of services and products, including financial and lesson planning software, workflow management solutions, networks integration products and services, specialized classroom technologies, Internet protocol (IP) telephony and IP surveillance, distance learning technology, wireless solutions, identity life-cycle management and adding email, and VoIP cloud-hosted offerings. In November 2012, Constellation Software Inc's subsidiary, N. Harris Computer Corporation acquired Computer Software Innovations (CSWI).
CSX Corporation (CSX), together with its subsidiaries, is a transportation supplier. The Company provides rail-based transportation services, including traditional rail service and the transport of intermodal containers and trailers. CSX's operating subsidiary, CSX Transportation, Inc. (CSXT), provides link to the transportation supply chain through its approximately 21,000 route mile rail network, which serves centers in 23 states east of the Mississippi River, the District of Columbia and the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec. It has access to over 70 ocean, river and lake port terminals along the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts, the Mississippi River, the Great Lakes and the St. Lawrence Seaway. The Company's intermodal business links customers to railroads through trucks and terminals. CSXT also serves production and distribution facilities through track connections to approximately 240 short-line and regional railroads.
E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company Preferred Stock
E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company Preferred Stock

Cerberus Telecom Acquisition Corp Units each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and onethird of one redeemable warrant
Cintas Corporation helps more than one million businesses of all types and sizes get ready??? to open their doors with confidence every day by providing a wide range of products and services that enhance our customers?€? image and help keep their facilities and employees clean, safe and looking their best. With products and services including uniforms, mats, mops, restroom supplies, first aid and safety products, fire extinguishers and testing, and training and compliance courses, Cintas helps customers get Ready for the Workday ??. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Cintas is a publicly held Fortune 500 company traded over the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CTAS and is a component of both the Standard & Poor?€?s 500 Index and Nasdaq-100 Index.
Cooper Tire & Rubber Company is the parent company of a global family of companies that specializes in the design, manufacture, marketing and sale of passenger car, light truck, medium truck, motorcycle and racing tires. Cooper?€?s headquarters is in Findlay, Ohio, with manufacturing, sales, distribution, technical and design operations within its family of companies located in more than one dozen countries around the world.

Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. (CTBI) is a bank holding company. CTBI owns one commercial bank and one trust company serving small and mid-sized communities in eastern, northeastern, central, and south central Kentucky, southern West Virginia, and northeastern Tennessee. The commercial bank is Community Trust Bank, Inc. (the Bank), Pikeville, Kentucky and the trust company is Community Trust and Investment Company (the Trust), Lexington, Kentucky. Through its subsidiaries, CTBI engages in a range of commercial and personal banking and trust and wealth management activities, which include accepting time and demand deposits, making secured and unsecured loans to corporations, individuals and others, providing cash management services to corporate and individual customers, issuing letters of credit, renting safe deposit boxes, and providing funds transfer services. On January 21, 2011, LaFollette Bank merged into the Bank.



Computer Task Group, Incorporated (CTG) is an information technology (IT) solutions and staffing company with operations in North America and Europe. CTG provides IT services to its clients, which includes IT Solutions and IT Staffing. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company had six operating subsidiaries: Computer Task Group of Canada, Inc., providing services in Canada; and Computer Task Group Belgium N.V., CTG ITS S.A., Computer Task Group IT Solutions, S.A., Computer Task Group Luxembourg PSF, and Computer Task Group (U.K.) Ltd., each were providing services in Europe. Services provided in North America are performed by CTG. It provides services to all of the markets, which it serves. The services provided encompass the IT business solution life cycle, including phases for planning, developing, implementing, managing, and maintaining the IT solution. In February 2013, it acquired etrinity from i-Cros Nv of Antwerp, Belgium.
Charles & Colvard, Ltd. believes fine jewelry can be accessible, beautiful and conscientious. Charles & Colvard is the original pioneer of lab-created moissanite, a rare gemstone formed from silicon carbide. The Company brings revolutionary gemstones and jewelry to market through its pinnacle Forever One TM moissanite brand and its newly introduced Caydia TM lab grown diamond brand. Consumers seek Charles & Colvard fashion, bridal and fine jewelry because of its exceptional quality, incredible value and shared beliefs in environmental and social responsibility. Charles & Colvard was founded in 1995 and is based in North Carolina's Research Triangle Park.
CTI Industries Corporation is a developer, manufacturer and supplier of flexible film products. The Company provides design, engineering and production for flexible film products. The Company had developed, designed, and produced a number of products utilizing flexible films, including novelty foil balloons, pouches for food and home storage, specialty films for packaging and film products for medical applications. The produces, markets and sells four lines of products, such as novelty products, flexible containers, flexible films and specialty film products. Its novelty products are balloons, including foil balloons, latex balloons, punch balls and other inflatable toy items. Its flexible containers are for home and consumer use for the storage and preservation of food and personal items. Its flexible films are for food and other packaging and commercial applications. Its specialty film products are designed for various applications, including for medical uses.
We are a biopharmaceutical company focused on the acquisition, development and commercialization of novel targeted therapies for blood-related cancers that offer a unique benefit to patients and their healthcare providers. We concentrate our efforts on treatments that target blood-related cancers where there is an unmet medical need. In particular, we are focused on evaluating pacritinib, our sole product candidate currently in active development, for the treatment of adult patients with myelofibrosis. In addition, we have recently started developing pacritinib for use in hospitalized patients with severe COVID-19, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We are headquartered in Seattle, Washington.
COMPTEK RESEARCH INC
Catalent, Inc. is the leading global provider of advanced delivery technologies, development, and manufacturing solutions for drugs, biologics, cell and gene therapies, and consumer health products. With over 85 years serving the industry, Catalent has proven expertise in bringing more customer products to market faster, enhancing product performance and ensuring reliable clinical and commercial product supply. Catalent employs approximately 14,000 people, including around 2,400 scientists, at more than 45 facilities and in fiscal 2020 generated over $3 billion in annual revenue. Catalent is headquartered in Somerset, New Jersey.
CytomX is a clinical-stage, oncology-focused biopharmaceutical company with a vision of transforming lives with safer, more effective therapies. We are developing a novel class of investigational antibody therapeutics, based on our Probody ?? technology platform, for the treatment of cancer. CytomX has strategic drug discovery and development collaborations with AbbVie, Amgen, Astellas, and Bristol Myers Squibb. Probody therapeutics are designed to remain inactive until they are activated by proteases in the tumor microenvironment. As a result, Probody therapeutics are intended to bind selectively to tumors and decrease binding to healthy tissue, to minimize toxicity and potentially create safer, more effective therapies. As leaders in the field, our innovative technology is designed to turn previously undruggable targets into druggable targets and to enable more effective combination therapies. CytomX and its partners, comprised of leading biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, have developed a robust pipeline of potential first-in-class therapeutic candidates against novel, difficult to drug targets and potential best-in-class immunotherapeutic candidates against clinically validated targets. The CytomX clinical stage pipeline includes first-in-class product candidates against previously undruggable targets, including a CD166-targeting Probody drug conjugate wholly owned by CytomX (CX-2009) and a CD71-targeting Probody drug conjugate partnered with AbbVie (CX-2029). CD166 and CD71 are among cancer targets that are considered to be inaccessible to conventional antibody drug conjugates due to their presence on many healthy tissues. The CytomX clinical stage pipeline also includes cancer immunotherapeutic candidates against validated targets such as our wholly owned anti-PD-L1 Probody therapeutic, CX-072, and the CTLA-4-targeting Probody therapeutics, BMS-986249 and BMS-986288, partnered with Bristol Myers Squibb.
CTO Realty Growth, Inc. is a Florida-based publicly traded real estate company, which owns income properties comprised of approximately 2.4 million square feet in diversified markets in the United States and an approximately 23.5% interest in Alpine Income Property Trust, Inc., a publicly traded net lease real estate investment trust (NYSE: PINE).
Contura Energy
CareTrust REIT, Inc. is a self-administered, publicly-traded real estate investment trust engaged in the ownership, acquisition, development and leasing of skilled nursing, seniors housing and other healthcare-related properties. With a nationwide portfolio of long-term net-leased properties, and a growing portfolio of quality operators leasing them, CareTrust REIT is pursuing both external and organic growth opportunities across the United States.
Central Mich Bk & Tr Big Rpds Unfied
Citi Trends, Inc. is a value-priced retailer of fashion apparel, accessories and home goods for the entire family. The Company operates 580 stores located in 33 states. Citi Trends?€? website address is www.cititrends.com.
CTS Corporation (CTS) is a global manufacturer of electronic components and sensors and a supplier of electronics manufacturing services. CTS designs, manufactures, assembles, and sells a line of electronic components and sensors and provides electronics manufacturing services primarily to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) for the automotive, communications, defense and aerospace, medical, industrial and computer markets. It operates manufacturing facilities located throughout North America, Asia and Europe and serves markets globally. The Company operates in Components and Sensors segment. Sales and marketing are accomplished through its sales engineers, independent manufacturers' representatives and distributors. In January 2012, CTS acquired Valpey-Fisher Corporation. In December 2012, the Company acquired D&R Technology. In October 2013, CTS Corporation announced that Benchmark Electronics, Inc. has acquired the Company's Electronics Manufacturing Solutions (EMS) business.
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (Cognizant) is a provider of custom information technology, consulting and business process outsourcing services. The Company is engaged in Business, Process, Operations and Information Technology Consulting, Application Development and Systems Integration, Enterprise Information Management (EIM), Application Testing, Application Maintenance, Information Technology Infrastructure Services, and Business and Knowledge Process Outsourcing, or BPO and KPO. The Company operates in four segments: Financial Services; Healthcare; Manufacturing, Retail and Logistics, and Other, which includes communications, information, media and entertainment, and high technology. In October 2013, Cognizant Technology Solutions of India acquired Equinox Consulting SAS.
CytoSorbents Corporation, formerly MedaSorb Technologies Corporation is a development-stage therapeutic medical device company. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had developed and focuses on commercializing a blood purification technology that would be able to remove middle molecular weight toxins from circulating blood and physiologic fluids. The Company has developed two products, CytoSorb and BetaSorb utilizing its adsorbent polymer technology. These products are known medically as hemoperfusion devices. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had initiated and opened for enrollment a total of 14 hospital units to participate in its clinical study. The CytoSorb device consists of a cartridge containing adsorbent polymer beads, that are intended to remove toxins and other substances from blood and physiologic fluids. The cartridge incorporates connectors at either end of the device, which connect directly to an extra-corporeal circuit (bloodlines) on a stand alone basis.
Wells Timberland REIT, Inc., a real estate investment trust (REIT), focuses on the acquisition of timberland properties in the United States. It intends to acquire timberland properties throughout the timber-producing regions of the United States and, to a lesser extent, in timber-producing regions outside the United States. The company intends to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Wells Timberland REIT was founded in September 2005. It was formerly known as Wells Real Estate Investment Trust IV, Inc. and changed its name to Wells Timber Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. in November 2005 and changed to Wells Timberland REIT, Inc. in 2006. The company is headquartered in Norcross, Georgia.
Corteva, Inc. is a publicly traded, global pure-play agriculture company that provides farmers around the world with the most complete portfolio in the industry ?€? including a balanced and diverse mix of seed, crop protection and digital solutions focused on maximizing productivity to enhance yield and profitability. With some of the most recognized brands in agriculture and an industry-leading product and technology pipeline well positioned to drive growth, the Company is committed to working with stakeholders throughout the food system as it fulfills its promise to enrich the lives of those who produce and those who consume, ensuring progress for generations to come. Corteva became an independent public company on June 1, 2019, and was previously the Agriculture Division of DowDuPont.
Citius is a late-stage specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development and commercialization of critical care products, with a focus on anti-infectives and cancer care.
Citius Pharmaceuticals Inc. Warrant
Citrix builds the secure, unified digital workspace technology that helps organizations unlock human potential and deliver a consistent workspace experience wherever work needs to get done. With Citrix, users get a seamless work experience and IT has a unified platform to secure, manage, and monitor diverse technologies in complex cloud environments.
Qwest Corp Pfd.
Cubic is a technology-driven, market-leading provider of integrated solutions that increase situational understanding for transportation, defense C4ISR and training customers worldwide to decrease urban congestion and improve the militaries?€? effectiveness and operational readiness. Our teams innovate to make a positive difference in people?€?s lives. We simplify their daily journeys. We promote mission success and safety for those who serve their nation.

CubeSmart is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust. CubeSmart owns or manages 1,256 self-storage properties across the United States. According to the 2020 Self Storage Almanac, CubeSmart is one of the top three owners and operators of self-storage properties in the U.S. The Company?€?s mission is to simplify the organizational and logistical challenges created by the many life events and business needs of its customers ?€? through innovative solutions, unparalleled service, and genuine care. The Company's self-storage properties are designed to offer affordable, easily accessible, and secure storage space for residential and commercial customers.
Customers Bank, a subsidiary of Customers Bancorp, Inc. a bank holding company, is a full-service super-community bank with assets of approximately $18.8 billion at September 30, 2020. A member of the Federal Reserve System with deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Customers Bank is an equal opportunity lender that provides a range of banking and lending services to small and medium-sized businesses, professionals, individuals and families. Services and products are available wherever permitted by law through digital-first apps, online portals, and a network of offices and branches. Customers Bancorp, Inc.?€?s voting common shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CUBI.
Customers Bancorp Inc Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Series C
Customers Bancorp Inc Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Series D
Customers Bancorp Inc Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Series E
Customers Bancorp Inc Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Series F

Carnival Corporation &??plc is the world's largest leisure travel company and among the most profitable and financially strong in the cruise and vacation industries, with a portfolio of nine of the world's leading cruise lines. With operations in??North America,??Australia, Europe??and Asia, its portfolio features Carnival Cruise Line, Princess Cruises, Holland America Line,??Seabourn, P&O Cruises??( Australia ),??Costa Cruises, AIDA Cruises, P&O Cruises??(UK) and Cunard. Together, the corporation's cruise lines operate 105 ships with 254,000 lower berths visiting over 700 ports around the world, with 16 new ships scheduled to be delivered through 2025. Carnival Corporation &??plc also operates Holland America Princess Alaska Tours, the leading tour company in Alaska??and the Canadian Yukon. Traded on both the??New York??and London Stock Exchanges,??Carnival Corporation &??plc is the only group in the world to be included in both the S&P 500 and the FTSE 100 indices. With a long history of innovation and providing guests with extraordinary vacation experiences, Carnival Corporation has received thousands of industry awards ?€? including recognition by the Consumer Technology Association??? as a CES?? 2019 Innovation Awards Honoree for OceanMedallion???. A revolutionary wearable device that contains a proprietary blend of communication technologies, OceanMedallion enables the world's first interactive guest experience platform transforming vacation travel on a large scale into a highly personalized level of customized service. The prestigious CES Innovation Awards honor outstanding design and engineering in consumer technology products.
Culp, Inc. manufacturers, sources, and markets mattress fabrics and sewn covers used for covering mattresses and foundations and other bedding products; and upholstery fabrics, including cut and sewn kits, primarily used in production of upholstered furniture.  The company competes in a fashion-driven business, and we strive to differentiate ourselves by placing sustained focus on product innovation and creativity. In addition, Culp places great emphasis on providing creative designs, along with excellent and dependable service to our customers. Our focused efforts to protect our financial strength have allowed us to maintain our position as a financially stable and trusted supplier of innovative fabrics to bedding and furniture manufacturers.

Software Acquisition Group Inc Warrants 01102026
CURO Group Holdings Corp
Brisbane, California-based Cutera is a leading provider of laser and other energy-based aesthetic systems for practitioners worldwide. Since 1998, Cutera has been developing innovative, easy-to-use products that enable physicians and other qualified practitioners to offer safe and effective aesthetic treatments to their patients.
Cousins Properties is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company, based in Atlanta, GA and acting through its operating partnership, Cousins Properties LP, primarily invests in Class A office towers located in high-growth Sun Belt markets. Founded in 1958, Cousins creates shareholder value through its extensive expertise in the development, acquisition, leasing and management of high-quality real estate assets. The Company has a comprehensive strategy in place based on a simple platform, trophy assets and opportunistic investments.
Covanta is a world leader in providing sustainable waste and energy solutions. Annually, Covanta's modern Energy-from-Waste facilities safely convert approximately 21 million tons of waste from municipalities and businesses into clean, renewable electricity to power one million homes and recycle 550,000 tons of metal. Through a vast network of treatment and recycling facilities, Covanta also provides comprehensive industrial material management services to companies seeking solutions to some of today's most complex environmental challenges.
CureVac N.V.
CVB Financial Corp. (CVB) is a bank holding company of Citizens Business Bank (the Bank). The Company's primary operations are related to banking activities, including the acceptance of deposits and the lending and investing of money through the operations of the Bank. The Bank also provides automobile and equipment leasing to customers through its Citizens Financial Services Group and trust and investment-related services to customers through its CitizensTrust Division. The Bank's customers consist primarily of small to mid-sized businesses and individuals located in San Bernardino County, Riverside County, Orange County, Los Angeles County, Madera County, Fresno County, Tulare County, Kern County and San Joaquin County, California. It operates in two segments: Business Financial and Commercial Banking Centers (Centers) and Treasury.
Cavco Industries, Inc., headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, designs and produces factory-built housing products primarily distributed through a network of independent and Company-owned retailers. The Company is one of the largest producers of manufactured homes in the United States, based on reported wholesale shipments, marketed under a variety of brand names including Cavco, Fleetwood, Palm Harbor, Fairmont, Friendship, Chariot Eagle, Lexington and Destiny. The Company is also a leading producer of park model RVs, vacation cabins and systems-built commercial structures, as well as modular homes. Cavco's finance subsidiary, CountryPlace Mortgage, is an approved Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac seller/servicer and a Ginnie Mae mortgage-backed securities issuer that offers conforming mortgages, non-conforming mortgages and home-only loans to purchasers of factory-built homes. Our insurance subsidiary, Standard Casualty, provides property and casualty insurance to owners of manufactured homes. Risk Factor Update 1 The impact of local or national emergencies, including the COVID-19 pandemic, can adversely affect our financial results, conditions and prospects Severe weather conditions, natural disasters, hostilities and social unrest, terrorist activities, health epidemics or pandemics or other local or national emergencies can adversely affect consumer spending and confidence levels and supply availability and costs, as well as the local operations in impacted markets, all of which can affect our financial results, condition and prospects. The Company's sales of affordable homes is largely dependent on the ability of consumers to obtain financing for the purchase of a home. Consumer financing is dependent on a number of economic factors, including the employment status of borrowers, which may be adversely affected by local or national emergencies. Consumer confidence is also an important factor to support home purchases and is also subject to the adverse effects of an emergency situation. The Company's products are produced in a manner that is considered labor-intensive and requires a consistent and available workforce which may be adversely affected by a large scale decline in public health conditions or other emergencies. As it relates to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company's primary suppliers are domestic, while also depending on materials originating from China. The ability for suppliers to fulfill orders on behalf of the Company on pre-existing terms are dependent upon their particular circumstances, including those related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The magnitude of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the extent of any impact on Cavco's business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity, which could be material, cannot be reasonably estimated at this time because of the rapid development and fluidity of the situation. It will depend on the duration of the pandemic, its geographic spread, potential business disruptions and the overall impact on the national economy and consumer behavior. 1 This risk factor is intended to be an update to the Risk Factors found in our 10-K filed on May 28, 2019.
Central Valley Community Bancorp, is a bank holding company that operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Central Valley Community Bank (the Bank). The Company's principal business is to provide, through its banking subsidiary, financial services in its primary market area in California. The Company serves Fresno County, Madera County, Sacramento County, San Joaquin County, Merced County, and Stanislaus County and their surrounding areas through the Bank. The Bank conducts a commercial banking business, which includes accepting demand, savings and time deposits and making commercial, real estate and consumer loans. It also provides domestic and international wire transfer services and provides safe deposit boxes and other customary banking services. In July 2013, Central Valley Community Bancorp announced the completion of the acquisition of Visalia Community Bank.
Cenovus Energy Inc., an integrated oil company, develops, produces, and markets crude oil, natural gas liquids (NGLs), and natural gas in Canada with refining operations in the United States. The company??s Oil Sands segment engages in the development and production of bitumen assets at Foster Creek, Christina Lake, Narrows Lake, and the Athabasca natural gas assets, as well as projects in the early stages of development, such as Grand Rapids and Telephone Lake. Its Conventional segment develops and produces conventional crude oil, NGLs, and natural gas in Alberta and Saskatchewan, including the heavy oil assets at Pelican Lake. This segment also includes the carbon dioxide enhanced oil recovery project at Weyburn. The company??s Refining and Marketing segment transports, sells, and refines crude oil into petroleum and chemical products. Cenovus Energy Inc. is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.
Civeo Corporation is a leading provider of hospitality services with prominent market positions in the Canadian oil sands and the Australian natural resource regions. Civeo offers comprehensive solutions for lodging hundreds or thousands of workers with its long-term and temporary accommodations and provides food services, housekeeping, facility management, laundry, water and wastewater treatment, power generation, communications systems, security and logistics services. Civeo currently operates a total of 28 lodges and villages in operation in Canada, Australia and the U.S., with an aggregate of approximately 30,000 rooms. Civeo is publicly traded under the symbol CVEO on the New York Stock Exchange.
Covetrus Inc
Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. (through its subsidiaries) is a leading supplier of seating systems, electro-mechanical assemblies, engineered material products, and warehouse automation subsystems for many markets including the following: trucking, military, warehouse automation, bus, agriculture, specialty transportation, mining, industrial equipment and off-road recreational markets.
Growers, Inc. Calavo Growers, Inc. is a global avocado-industry leader and provider of value-added fresh food serving retail grocery, foodservice, club stores, mass merchandisers, food distributors and wholesalers worldwide. The Company?€?s Fresh segment procures and markets fresh avocados and select other fresh produce, including tomatoes and papayas. The Renaissance Food Group (RFG) segment creates, markets and distributes a portfolio of healthy, fresh foods, including fresh-cut fruit, fresh-cut vegetables and prepared foods. The Foods segment manufactures and distributes guacamole and salsa. Founded in 1924, Calavo?€?s fresh food products are sold under the respected Calavo brand name as well as Garden Highway, Chef Essentials and several private label and store brands. Financial Profiles, Inc. Lisa Mueller, Senior Vice President (310) 622-8231 calavo@finprofiles.com
Headquartered in Sugar Land, Texas, CVR Energy is a diversified holding company primarily engaged in the petroleum refining and marketing business through its interest in CVR Refining and the nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing business through its interest in CVR Partners, LP. CVR Energy subsidiaries serve as the general partner and own 35 percent of the common units of CVR Partners.
Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. is a carrier for transportation companies, such as freights forwarders, less-than-truckload carriers, and third-party logistics providers that require a high level of service to support their businesses, as well as for traditional truckload customers, such as manufacturers, retailers, and food and beverage shippers. It also generates revenue through a subsidiary that provides freight brokerage services. The Company operates in two segments: Asset-Based Truckload Services (Truckload) and its Brokerage Services, also known as Covenant transports Solutions, Inc. (Solutions). The Truckload segment consists of three asset-based operating fleets. The Solutions segment provides freight brokerage service directly and through freight brokerage agents who are paid a commission for the freight they provide. The Company's primary customers include manufacturers and retailers. On May 31, 2011, it acquired a 49% interest in Transport Enterprise Leasing, LLC.
CommVault Systems, Inc. (CommVault) is a provider of data and information management software applications and related services. The Company develops, markets and sells a suite of software applications and services, primarily in North America, Europe, Australia and Asia, that provides its customers with high-performance data protection, including backup and recovery; data migration and archiving; snapshot management and replication of data; integrated source, and target data deduplication; eDiscovery and compliance solutions; self-service access; a secure virtual repository using Simpana ContentStore; enterprise-wide search capabilities; protection, recovery and discovery of data in virtual server environments; and robust built-in analytics and troubleshooting tools. Company also provides its customers with a broad range of professional and customer support services.
Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. is the largest independent financial services holding company headquartered in York, Pennsylvania. Codorus Valley primarily operates through its financial services subsidiary, PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company. In addition to a full range of business and consumer banking services, the Corporation also offers mortgage banking and wealth management services through offices located in York, Cumberland and Lancaster Counties in Pennsylvania, and in Baltimore and Harford Counties, and Baltimore City in Maryland.
CEL-SCI Corporation (CEL-SCI) is engaged in the business of Multikine cancer therapy; New cold fill manufacturing service to the pharmaceutical industry, and ligand epitope antigen presentation System (LEAPS) technology, with two products, hemagglutinin type 1 and neuraminidase type 1 (H1N1) swine flu treatment for H1N1 hospitalized patients and CEL-2000, a rheumatoid arthritis treatment vaccine.
Founded in 2012 and based in Phoenix, Carvana?€?s mission is to change the way people buy cars. By removing the traditional dealership infrastructure and replacing it with technology and exceptional customer service, Carvana offers consumers an intuitive and convenient online car buying and financing platform. Carvana.com enables consumers to quickly and easily shop more than 20,000 vehicles, finance, trade-in or sell their current vehicle to Carvana, sign contracts, and schedule as-soon-as-next-day delivery or pickup at one of Carvana?€?s patented, automated Car Vending Machines.
Chicago Rivet & Machine Co., manufactures rivet setting machines and automated assembly systems for high volume production, as well as replacement tooling and parts. The Company operates in two segments: fasteners and assembly equipment. The fastener segment consists of the manufacture and sale of rivets, cold-formed fasteners and parts and screw machine products. The assembly equipment segment consists primarily of the manufacture of automatic rivet setting machines, automatic assembly equipment and parts and tools for such machines. It manufactures cold formed parts/cold headed fasteners from .03 inches to .620 inches in body diameter, and up to five inches in length. It designs and builds custom riveting machines. It also offers repair and consulting services.The Company's manufacturing facilities are located in Tyrone, Pennsylvania and Albia, Iowa.
CVS Caremark Corporation (CVS Caremark), together with its subsidiaries, is a pharmacy health care provider in the United States. CVS Caremark provides pharmacy services through its pharmacy benefit management (PBM), mail order and specialty pharmacy division, CVS Caremark Pharmacy Services; approximately 7,300 CVS/pharmacy retail stores; retail-based health clinic subsidiary, MinuteClinic, and its online retail pharmacy, CVS.com. The Company operates in three business segments: Pharmacy Services, Retail Pharmacy and Corporate. Its corporate segment provides management and administrative services to support the overall operations of the Company. In April 2012, Health Net, Inc.'s subsidiary, Health Net Life Insurance Company, sold its Medicare stand-alone Prescription Drug Plan (Medicare PDP) business to a subsidiary of CVS Caremark. In February 2013, it bought Drogaria Onofre.
CPI Aero is a U.S. manufacturer of structural assemblies for fixed wing aircraft, helicopters and airborne Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance and Electronic Warfare pod systems, primarily for national security markets. Within the global aerostructure supply chain, CPI Aero is either a Tier 1 supplier to aircraft OEMs or a Tier 2 subcontractor to major Tier 1 manufacturers. CPI also is a prime contractor to the U.S. Department of Defense, primarily the Air Force. In conjunction with its assembly operations, CPI Aero provides engineering, program management, supply chain management, and MRO services. CPI Aero is included in the Russell Microcap?? Index. The above statements include forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are described from time to time in CPI Aero's SEC reports, including CPI Aero's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended March 31, 2020 and June 30, 2020.
CVD Equipment Corporation designs, develops, and manufactures a broad range of chemical vapor deposition, gas control, and other state-of-the-art equipment and process solutions used to develop and manufacture materials and coatings for research and industrial applications. This equipment is used by its customers to research, design, and manufacture these materials or coatings for aerospace engine components, medical implants, semiconductors, solar cells, smart glass, carbon nanotubes, nanowires, LEDs, MEMS, and other applications. Through its application laboratory, the Company provides process development support and process startup assistance with the focus on enabling tomorrow?€?s technologies???. It?€?s wholly owned subsidiary CVD Materials Corporation provides advanced materials and metal surface treatments and coatings to serve demanding applications in the electronics, aerospace, biomedical, petroleum, pharmaceutical, and many other industrial markets.
Chevron U.S.A. Inc. is a subsidiary of Chevron Corporation, one of the world's leading integrated energy companies. Through its subsidiaries that conduct business worldwide, Chevron Corp is involved in virtually every facet of the energy industry. Chevron explores for, produces and transports crude oil and natural gas; refines, markets and distributes transportation fuels and lubricants; manufactures and sells petrochemicals and additives; generates power; and develops and deploys technologies that enhance business value in every aspect of the company's operations.
Curtiss-Wright Corporation is a global innovative company that delivers highly engineered, critical function products and services to the commercial, industrial, defense and energy markets. Building on the heritage of Glenn Curtiss and the Wright brothers, Curtiss-Wright has a long tradition of providing reliable solutions through trusted customer relationships. The company employs approximately 8,900 people worldwide.
Community West Bancshares (CWBC) is a bank holding company. CWBC has 100% interest in Community West Bank, National Association (the Bank). CWBC provides management and shareholder services to the bank. The Bank offers a range of commercial and retail financial services to professionals, small to mid-sized businesses and individual households. These services include various loan and deposit products. The Bank also offers other financial services. Relationship banking is conducted at the community level through five full-service branch offices on the Central Coast of California stretching from Santa Maria to Westlake Village. The customers are small to mid-sized businesses in these communities and their owners and managers. The Bank offers a range of commercial and retail financial services, including the acceptance of demand, savings and time deposits, and the origination of commercial, real estate, construction and home improvement.
CohBar Inc
Consolidated Water Co. Ltd. develops and operates seawater desalination plants and water distribution systems. The Company operates in three segments: retail water operations, bulk water operations and services operations. Through the Company's subsidiaries and affiliates, the Company operates 14 reverse osmosis desalination plants and provides the services to its customers in the Cayman Islands, the Bahamas, Belize, and the British Virgin Islands. Its retail water operations supply water to end-users, including residential, commercial and government customers. Through the Company's bulk water operations the Company supplies water to government owned distributors. The Company's services operations provide engineering and management services.
Clearway Energy, Inc.??is a leading publicly-traded energy infrastructure investor focused on modern, sustainable and long-term contracted assets across??North America. Clearway Energy?€?s environmentally-sound asset portfolio includes over 7,000 megawatts of wind, solar and natural gas-fired power generation facilities, as well as district energy systems. Through this diversified and contracted portfolio,??Clearway Energy??endeavors to provide its investors with stable and growing dividend income. Clearway Energy?€?s Class C and Class A common stock are traded on the??New York Stock Exchange??under the symbols CWEN and CWEN.A, respectively. Clearway Energy, Inc.??is sponsored by its controlling investor??Global Infrastructure Partners III??(GIP), an independent infrastructure fund manager that invests in infrastructure and businesses in both OECD and select emerging market countries, through GIP?€?s portfolio company,??Clearway Energy Group.
Clearway Energy Inc. Class A
CommonWealth REIT (CWH) is a real estate investment trust (REIT). CWH's primary business is the ownership and operation of real estate, including office and industrial buildings and leased industrial land. As of December 31, 2011, the Company owned 516 properties. Its portfolio includes 317 office properties with 40.0 million square feet and 199 industrial and other properties with 32.3 million square feet. Its 199 industrial and other properties include 17.9 million square feet of leased industrial and commercial lands in Oahu, Hawaii. It also has 11 of its total properties with 1.8 million square feet are located in Australia. In addition, it owned 9,950,000, or 21.1%, as of December 31, 2011. In January 2012, it acquired an office property located in Chicago, IL with 1,006,574 square feet. In March 2013, it sold its remaining interest in Government Properties Income Trust.
Cushman & Wakefield plc
Casella Waste Systems, Inc., headquartered in Rutland, Vermont, provides resource management expertise and services to residential, commercial, municipal and industrial customers, primarily in the areas of solid waste collection and disposal, transfer, recycling and organics services in the northeastern United States.
California Water Service Group??is the parent company of??California Water Service, Washington Water Service, New Mexico Water Service, Hawaii Water Service, CWS Utility Services, and HWS Utility Services. Together, these companies provide regulated and non-regulated water service to more than 2 million people in California, Washington,??New Mexico, and Hawaii.
Cemex SAB de CV (CEMEX) is a Mexico-based company principally engaged, through its subsidiaries, in the cement manufacturing. The Company produces, distributes and sells cement, clinker, ready-mix concrete, aggregates, concrete blocks, roof tiles, concrete pipes and related building materials in numerous countries worldwide. The Company's main production facilities are located in Mexico, the United States, Spain, Egypt, Germany, Colombia, the Philippines, the Dominican Republic, the United Kingdom, Croatia, Panama, Latvia, Puerto Rico, Thailand, Costa Rica and Nicaragua.
China XD Plastics Company Limited, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, develops, manufactures and sells polymer composites materials, primarily for automotive applications. The Company's products are used in the exterior and interior trim and in the functional components of 31 automobile brands manufactured in China, including without limitation, Audi, Mercedes Benz, BMW, Toyota, Buick, Chevrolet, Mazda, Volvo, Ford, Citroen, Jinbei and VW Passat, Golf, Jetta, etc. The Company's wholly-owned research center is dedicated to the research and development of polymer composites materials and benefits from its cooperation with well-known scientists from prestigious universities in China. As of September 30, 2020, 644 of the Company's products have been certified for use by one or more of the automobile manufacturers in China.
Crexendo, Inc. is an award-winning premier provider of UCaaS (Unified Communications as a Service), call center, collaboration services, and other cloud business services that are designed to provide enterprise-class cloud services to any size business at affordable monthly rates.
Concho Resources is one of the largest unconventional shale producers in the Permian Basin, with operations focused on safely and efficiently developing and producing oil and natural gas resources. We are working today to deliver a better tomorrow for our shareholders, people and communities.
Columbia Property Trust creates value through owning, operating, and developing Class-A office buildings in New York, San Francisco, Washington D.C., and Boston. The Columbia team is deeply experienced in transactions, asset management and repositioning, leasing, development, and property management. It employs these competencies to grow value across its high-quality, well-leased portfolio of 15 properties that contain approximately seven million rentable square feet, as well as four properties under development, and also has approximately eight million square feet under management for private investors and third parties. Columbia has investment-grade ratings from both Moody?€?s and S&P Global Ratings. For more information, please visit www.columbia.reit.
Corrections Corporation of America (CCA) is a real estate investment trust. The Company is the owner and operator of privatized correctional and detention facilities and prison operators in the United States. As of December 31, 2012, the Company operated 67 correctional and detention facilities, including 47 facilities that the Company own, with a total design capacity of approximately 92,500 beds in 20 states and the District of Columbia. Beginning of January 1, 2013, the Company has provided correctional services and conducted other operations through TRSs. A TRS is a subsidiary of a REIT that is subject to applicable corporate income tax and certain qualification requirements. In January 2012, the Company closed the operations of the 1,172-bed Delta Correctional Facility in Greenwood, Mississippi. In January 2013, the Company announced that it has completed an internal reorganization of its business operations.
Celyad SA, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on the identification and development of cell based therapies. The company develops clinical stage cell therapies for the treatment of unmet medical needs in cardiology and oncology. It offers C-Cure, a product candidate based on the Cardiopoiesis platform, which is in Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of congestive heart failure. The company also provides NKG2D, chimeric antigen receptors (CAR) T-cell therapy, which uses natural killer cells as receptors and is in Phase I clinical trials for the treatment of cancer. In addition, its pre-clinical stage product candidates include NKp30 and B7H6 CAR T-cell therapies that use natural killer cells as receptors for the treatment of cancer; and T3 CAR T-cell, an allogeneic T-cell platform. Further, the company offers medical devices comprising C-CATHez, an intramyocardioal injection catheter. Additionally, it develops heart access sheath that facilitates the delivery of cardiac therapeutic devices; mitral valve neo-chordae for use in the treatment of mitral valve disorders; and closure device used in post transcatheter intervention. The company was formerly known as Cardio3 BioSciences SA and changed its name to Celyad SA in May 2015. Celyad SA was founded in 2004 and is based in Mont-Saint-Guibert, Belgium.
Cyanotech Corporation (Cyanotech) produces natural products derived from microalgae. Cyanotech is engaged in the cultivation and production of microalgae into natural health and nutrition products. The Company cultivates two microalgal species from, which its two major product lines, spirulina products and natural astaxanthin products, are derived. The Company's products include Hawaiian Spirulina Pacifica, which is a dietary supplement used for extra energy, a strengthened immune system, cardiovascular benefits and as a source of antioxidant carotenoids, and Hawaiian BioAstin natural astaxanthin, which is a dietary antioxidant shown to support and maintain the body's natural inflammatory response, to enhance skin, and to support eye and joint health. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary is Nutrex Hawaii, Inc. (Nutrex).
CyberOptics Corporation ( www.cyberoptics.com ) is a leading global developer and manufacturer of high-precision 3D sensing technology solutions. CyberOptics?€? sensors are used for inspection and metrology in the SMT and semiconductor markets to significantly improve yields and productivity. By leveraging its leading edge technologies, the Company has strategically established itself as a global leader in high precision 3D sensors, allowing CyberOptics to further increase its penetration of key vertical markets. Headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, CyberOptics conducts worldwide operations through its facilities in North America, Asia and Europe. Statements regarding the Company?€?s anticipated performance are forward-looking and therefore involve risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to: a possible world-wide recession or depression resulting from the economic consequences of the Covid-19 pandemic; the negative effect on our revenue and operating results of the Covid-19 crises on our customers and suppliers and the global supply chain; market conditions in the global SMT and semiconductor capital equipment industries; trade relations between the United States and other countries; the timing of orders and shipments of our products, particularly our 3D MRS-enabled SQ3000 Multi-Function systems and MX systems for memory module inspection; increasing price competition and price pressure on our product sales, particularly our SMT systems; the level of orders from our OEM customers; the availability of parts required to meet customer orders; unanticipated product development challenges; the effect of world events on our sales, the majority of which are from foreign customers; rapid changes in technology in the electronics and semiconductor markets; product introductions and pricing by our competitors; the success of our 3D technology initiatives; the market acceptance of our SQ3000 Multi-Function inspection and measurement systems and products for semiconductor advanced packaging inspection and metrology; costly and time consuming litigation with third parties related to intellectual property infringement; the negative impact on our customers and suppliers due to past and future terrorist threats and attacks and any acts of war; and other factors set forth in the Company?€?s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
CyberArk Software Ltd. develops, markets, and sells software-based IT security solutions that protect organizations from cyber attacks in the United States and internationally. The company offers privileged account security solution to secure, manage, and monitor privileged account access and activities. Its privileged account security solution consists of Enterprise Password Vault that provides a tool to manage and protect physical, virtual, or cloud-based assets; SSH Key Manager to store, rotate, and control access to SSH keys for preventing unauthorized access to privileged accounts; Privileged Session Manager that protects servers, applications, databases, and hypervisors from malware; and Privileged Threat Analytics that profiles and analyzes individual privileged user behavior and creates prioritized alerts when abnormal activity is detected. The company also provides Application Identity Manager, which addresses the challenges of hard-coded, embedded credentials, and cryptographic keys being hijacked and exploited by malicious insiders or external cyber attackers; and On-Demand Privileges Manager to limit the breadth of access of Unix/Linux administrative accounts and restrict them from performing commands and functions. In addition, it offers Shared Technology Platform that integrates operating systems, databases, network devices, security appliances, hypervisors, applications, industrial control systems, and application servers in the datacenter or the cloud; sensitive information management solutions to isolate, store, share, and track sensitive files and documents; and software maintenance and support, and consulting services. The company offers its products to energy and utilities, financial services, healthcare, manufacturing, retail, technology, and telecommunications industries, as well as government agencies through resellers and distributors. CyberArk Software Ltd. was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Petach Tikva, Israel.
Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative cancer medicines based on cell cycle, transcriptional regulation and DNA damage response biology. The transcriptional regulation program is evaluating fadraciclib as a single agent in solid tumors and in combination with venetoclax in patients with relapsed or refractory AML/MDS and CLL. The anti-mitotic program is evaluating CYC140, a PLK1 inhibitor, in advanced leukemias/MDS patients. The DNA damage response program is evaluating an oral combination of sapacitabine and venetoclax in patients with relapsed or refractory AML/MDS. An investigator-sponsored trial (IST) is evaluating an oral combination of sapacitabine and olaparib in patients with BRCA mutant breast cancer. Cyclacel's strategy is to build a diversified biopharmaceutical business focused in hematology and oncology based on a pipeline of novel drug candidates.
Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops therapies that harness the power of the immune system to treat cancer and other serious illnesses. The Company develops proprietary techniques of antibody engineering to develop antibody-based products for the applications in immunology, oncology, and infectious diseases. Xcyte Therapies is currently conducting Phase I/II clinical trials in hormone-refractory prostate cancer, multiple myeloma and chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Cyclerion Therapeutics Inc
China Yuchai International Limited, through its subsidiary, GYMCL, engages in the manufacture, assembly, and sale of a wide variety of light-, medium- and heavy-duty engines for trucks, buses, passenger vehicles, construction equipment, marine and agriculture applications in China. GYMCL also produces diesel power generators. The engines produced by GYMCL range from diesel to natural gas and hybrid engines. Through its regional sales offices and authorized customer service centers, GYMCL distributes its engines directly to auto OEMs and retailers and provides maintenance and retrofitting services throughout China. Founded in 1951, GYMCL has established a reputable brand name, strong research and development team and significant market share in China with high-quality products and reliable after-sales support. In 2019, GYMCL sold 376,148 engines and is recognized as a leading manufacturer and distributor of engines in China.
Community Health Systems, Inc. is one of the largest publicly traded hospital companies in the United States and a leading operator of general acute care hospitals in communities across the country. The Company, through its subsidiaries, owns, leases or operates 92 affiliated hospitals in 16 states with an aggregate of approximately 15,000 licensed beds. The Company?€?s headquarters are located in Franklin, Tennessee, a suburb south of Nashville.
CYREN Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, provides Internet security solutions in the United States, Germany, Europe, Asia, Israel, and internationally. The company offers CYREN WebSecurity, a solution for cloud-based protection of its customer??s devices against Web-borne threats; GlobalView URL Embedded Filtering Solutions that allows to combat Web threats with a URL categorization service; and CYREN Embedded Antimalware, which blocks malware of various types, including worms, Trojans, and spyware. It also provides CYREN EmailSecurity that frees inboxes of spam, malware, and phishing threats without blocking important business messages; and Outbound Anti-Spam, which neutralizes spam attacks emanating from within cause damage to business and network reputation and customer confidence. The company sells its products through third party distribution channels. It offers its solutions to OEM and service provider distribution partners, including network and security vendors offering content security gateways, unified threat management solutions, network appliances, and antivirus solutions, as well as service providers, such as software-as-a-service vendors, Web hosting providers, and Internet service providers. The company was formerly known as Commtouch Software Ltd. and changed its name to CYREN Ltd. in January 2014. CYREN Ltd. was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in McLean, Virginia.
CryoPort, Inc. provides frozen logistics solutions to the life sciences industry in the United States, Europe, Asia, and internationally. The company offers Cryoportal, a cloud-based logistics management software that automates the entry of orders, prepares customs documentation, and facilitates status and location monitoring of shipped orders while in transit; and CryoPort Express Shippers, which are dry cryogenic shippers that use liquid nitrogen contained inside a vacuum insulated bottle, which serves as a refrigerant to provide stable storage temperatures. It also provides Cryoport Express Standard Shippers, which are re-usable dry vapor liquid nitrogen storage containers for holding the biological material in the inner chamber; CryoPort Express High Volume Shippers, which use a dry vapor liquid nitrogen technology to maintain temperatures; and CryoPort Express Smart Pak, a self-contained automated data logger, which records cryogenic temperatures of samples shipped in CryoPort Express Shippers. In addition, the company offers CryoPort Express Analytics, which reports shipment performance metrics, and evaluates temperature-monitoring data collected by the data logger during shipment, as well as biological material holders that are containment bags used in connection with the shipment of infectious or dangerous goods using the CryoPort Express Shippers. CryoPort, Inc. has a strategic alliance with Liventa Bioscience, Inc. The company was founded in 1999 and is based in Lake Forest, California.
Cytokinetics is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing first-in-class muscle activators and next-in-class muscle inhibitors as potential treatments for debilitating diseases in which muscle performance is compromised and/or declining. As a leader in muscle biology and the mechanics of muscle performance, the company is developing small molecule drug candidates specifically engineered to impact muscle function and contractility. Cytokinetics is collaborating with Amgen Inc. (Amgen) to develop omecamtiv mecarbil, a novel cardiac muscle activator. Omecamtiv mecarbil is the subject of an international clinical trials program in patients with heart failure including GALACTIC-HF, of which topline results were recently reported, and METEORIC-HF, which is ongoing. Amgen holds an exclusive worldwide license to develop and commercialize omecamtiv mecarbil with a sublicense held by Servier for commercialization in Europe and certain other countries. Cytokinetics is developing reldesemtiv, a fast skeletal muscle troponin activator (FSTA) for the potential treatment of ALS and other neuromuscular indications following conduct of FORTITUDE-ALS and other Phase 2 clinical trials. The company is considering potential advancement of reldesemtiv to Phase 3 pending ongoing regulatory interactions. Cytokinetics is collaborating with Astellas Pharma Inc. (Astellas) to research, develop and commercialize other novel mechanism skeletal sarcomere activators (not including FSTAs). Licenses held by Amgen and Astellas are subject to specified co-development and co-commercialization rights of Cytokinetics. Cytokinetics is also developing CK-274, a novel cardiac myosin inhibitor that company scientists discovered independent of its collaborations, for the potential treatment of hypertrophic cardiomyopathies. Cytokinetics has granted Ji Xing Pharmaceuticals Limited an exclusive license to develop and commercialize CK-274 in China and Taiwan, in accordance with Cytokinetics?€? planned global registration programs. Cytokinetics is conducting REDWOOD-HCM, a Phase 2 clinical trial of CK-274 in patients with obstructive HCM. Cytokinetics continues its over 20-year history of pioneering innovation in muscle biology and related pharmacology focused to diseases of muscle dysfunction and conditions of muscle weakness.
Citizens & Northern Corporation (Corporation) is a bank holding company whose principal activity is community banking. The Company's subsidiary is Citizens & Northern Bank (the Bank). The Corporation's other wholly owned subsidiaries are Citizens & Northern Investment Corporation and Bucktail Life Insurance Company (Bucktail). Bucktail reinsures credit and mortgage life and accident and health insurance on behalf of C&N Bank. Corporation was formed to engage in investment activities. C&N Bank provides a range of banking services, including deposit and loan products for personal and commercial customers. The Bank also maintains a trust division that provides a wide range of financial services, such as 401(k) plans, retirement planning, estate planning, estate settlements and asset management. C&N Bank formed a subsidiary, C&N Financial Services Corporation (C&NFSC), which is a licensed insurance agency that provides insurance products to individuals and businesses.
Caesars Entertainment, Inc. is the largest casino-entertainment company in the U.S. and one of the world's most diversified casino-entertainment providers. Since its beginning in Reno, Nevada, in 1937, Caesars Entertainment, Inc. has grown through development of new resorts, expansions and acquisitions. Caesars Entertainment, Inc.'s resorts operate primarily under the Caesars??, Harrah's??, Horseshoe?? and Eldorado?? brand names. Caesars Entertainment, Inc. offers diversified amenities and one-of-a-kind destinations, with a focus on building loyalty and value with its guests through a unique combination of impeccable service, operational excellence and technology leadership. Caesars is committed to its employees, suppliers, communities and the environment through its PEOPLE PLANET PLAY framework.
Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. is a unitary savings and loan holding company. Its primary activities consist of holding the stock of its wholly owned subsidiary bank, Citizens Community Federal (the Bank), and providing consumer banking activities through the Bank. At September 30, 2010, the Company had approximately $594 million in total assets, $476 million in deposits, and $50 million in equity. The Bank is a federally chartered stock savings institution with 26 full-service offices, eight locations and 18 in-store branches, in Wal-Mart Supercenter branches. Through all of its branch locations, the Bank provides a range of consumer banking products and services to customers primarily in Wisconsin, Minnesota and Michigan.
Cosan Limited is an energy and infrastructure conglomerate and, when considered together with our joint venture entities formed with Shell Brazil Holdings B.V. (i.e., Ra??zen Combust??veis S.A. and Ra??zen Energia S.A., collectively known as "Ra??zen"), a Brazilian market reference in fuel distribution, sugar and ethanol production, natural gas distribution and railway-based logistics.
Dominion Resources, Inc. (Dominion), is a producer and transporter of energy. The Company is a provider of electricity, natural gas and related services to customers primarily in the eastern region of the United States Dominion's portfolio of assets includes approximately 27,500 megawatts of generating capacity, 6,300 miles of electric transmission lines, 56,900 miles of electric distribution lines, 11,000 miles of natural gas transmission, gathering and storage pipeline and 21,800 miles of gas distribution pipeline, exclusive of service lines of two inches in diameter or less. Dominion also operates one of the underground natural gas storage systems, with approximately 947 billion cubic feet of storage capacity, and serves nearly six million utility and retail energy customers in 15 states. In July 2013, Dominion Resources Inc acquired three solar-power development projects near Indianapolis, Ind., from Sunrise Energy Ventures.
Dominion Energy Inc Units 2019 Series A
Danaos Corporation is one of the largest independent owners of modern, large-size containerships. Our current fleet of 63 containerships aggregating 385,769 TEUs, including five vessels owned by Gemini Shipholdings Corporation, a joint venture, ranks Danaos among the largest containership charter owners in the world based on total TEU capacity. Our fleet is chartered to many of the world's largest liner companies on fixed-rate charters. Our long track record of success is predicated on our efficient and rigorous operational standards and environmental controls. Danaos Corporation's shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "DAC". Visit our website at www.danaos.com SOURCE Danaos Corporation Related Links http://www.danaos.com
Dada Nexus Ltd ADS
Since 1972 Data I/O has developed innovative solutions to enable the design and manufacture of electronic products for automotive, Internet-of-Things, medical, wireless, consumer electronics, industrial controls and other electronic devices. Today, our customers use Data I/O security deployment and programming solutions to reliably, securely, and cost-effectively bring innovative new products to life. These solutions are backed by a global network of Data I/O support and service professionals, ensuring success for our customers.
Daktronics helps its customers to impact their audiences throughout the world with large-format LED video displays, message displays, scoreboards, digital billboards, audio systems and control systems in sport, business and transportation applications. Founded in 1968 as a USA-based manufacturing company, Daktronics has grown into the world leader in audiovisual systems and implementation with offices around the globe. Discover more at www.daktronics.com.
Delta Air Lines is the U.S. global airline leader in safety, innovation, reliability and customer experience. Powered by our employees around the world, Delta has for a decade led the airline industry in operational excellence while maintaining our reputation for award-winning customer service. Today, and always, nothing is more important than the health and safety of our customers and employees. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, Delta has moved quickly to transform the industry standard of clean while offering customers more space across the travel journey. These and numerous other layers of protection ensure a safe and comfortable travel experience for our customers and employees. With our mission of connecting the people and cultures of the globe, Delta strives to foster understanding across a diverse world and serve as a force for social good.
Dana is a world leader in providing power-conveyance and energy-management solutions that are engineered to improve the efficiency, performance, and sustainability of light vehicles, commercial vehicles, and off-highway equipment. Enabling the propulsion of conventional, hybrid, and electric-powered vehicles, Dana equips its customers with critical drive and motion systems; electrodynamic technologies; and thermal, sealing, and digital solutions. Based in Maumee, Ohio, USA, the company reported sales of $8.6 billion in 2019 with 36,000 associates in 34 countries across six continents. Founded in 1904, Dana has a high-performance culture that focuses on its people and has earned recognition by Forbes magazine as a World's Best Employer.
Youdao, Inc. is a leading intelligent learning company in China dedicated to developing and using technologies to provide learning content, applications and solutions to users of all ages. Building on the popularity of its online knowledge tools such as Youdao Dictionary, Youdao Cloudnote and Youdao Translation, Youdao now offers online courses covering a wide spectrum of age groups, subject matters, learning goals and areas of interest. In addition, Youdao has developed a variety of interactive learning apps and smart learning devices. Youdao was founded in 2006 as part of NetEase, Inc. (NASDAQ: NTES ; HKEX: 9999), a leading internet technology company in China.
Darling International Inc. (Darling) is a provider of rendering, cooking oil and bakery waste recycling and recovery solutions. The Company collects and recycles animal by-products, bakery residual and used cooking oil from poultry and meat processors, commercial bakeries, grocery stores, butcher shops, and food service establishments and provides grease trap cleaning services to many of the same establishments. The Company operates over 120 processing and transfer facilities located throughout the United States to process raw materials into finished products such as protein (primarily meat and bone meal (MBM) and poultry meal (PM)), hides, fats (primarily bleachable fancy tallow (BFT), poultry grease (PG) and yellow grease (YG)) and bakery by-products (BBP) as well as a range of branded and value-added products. In October 2013, Darling International Inc completed its acquisition of Rothsay, the rendering and biodiesel division of Maple Leaf Foods Inc.

Endava plc American Depositary Shares (each representing one Class A)
Deutsche Bank provides commercial and investment banking, retail banking, transaction banking and asset and wealth management products and services to corporations, governments, institutional investors, small and medium-sized businesses, and private individuals. Deutsche Bank is Germany?€?s leading bank, with a strong position in Europe and a significant presence in the Americas and Asia Pacific.
Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated is a world leader in enabling connected commerce. We automate, digitize and transform the way people bank and shop. As a partner to the majority of the world's top 100 financial institutions and top 25 global retailers, our integrated solutions connect digital and physical channels conveniently, securely and efficiently for millions of consumers each day. The company has a presence in more than 100 countries with approximately 22,000 employees worldwide.
Roman DBDR Tech Acquisition Corp - Class A
Roman DBDR Tech Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/2 War)
Roman DBDR Tech Acquisition Corp - Warrants (29/10/2025)
DSW Inc. is one of North America's largest designers, producers and retailers of footwear and accessories. The company operates a portfolio of retail concepts in nearly 1,000 locations under the DSW Designer Shoe Warehouse, Shoe Company, and Shoe Warehouse banners and operates leased locations in the U.S through its Affiliated Business Group. DSW Inc. designs and produces footwear and accessories through Camuto Group, a leading manufacturer selling in more than 5,400 doors worldwide. The Camuto Group owns licensing rights for the Jessica Simpson?? footwear business, and footwear and handbag licenses for Lucky Brand?? and Max Studio??. In partnership with Authentic Brands Group, DSW Inc. also owns a stake in Vince Camuto??, Louise et Cie??, Sole Society??, CC Corso Como??, Enzo Angiolini?? and others.
DBV Technologies S.A., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, engages in the research and development of epicutaneous immunotherapy products. The company provides Diallertest Milk, a diagnostic product for the detection of cow??s milk protein allergy (CMPA) in children. Its products include Viaskin Peanut, an immunotherapy product for the treatment peanut allergies in children, adolescents, and adults; Viaskin Milk for the treatment of CMPA and milk-induced eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE); and Viaskin Egg, a development program for the treatment of hen??s egg allergy. The company also develops other earlier stage product development programs, which comprise house dust mites allergy, EoE, pertusiss boost vaccine, and birch pollen allergy. DBV Technologies S.A. was founded in 2002 and is based in Bagneux, France.
Dropbox is a leading global collaboration platform that's transforming the way people and teams work together. With more than 500 million registered users across 180 countries, we?€?re on a mission to unleash the world?€?s creative energy by designing a more enlightened way of working. Dropbox is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, and has 12 offices around the world. For more information on our mission and products, visit dropbox.com.
Founded in 1915, Donaldson is a global leader in technology-led filtration products and solutions, serving a broad range of industries and advanced markets. Our diverse, skilled employees at over 140 locations on six continents partner with customers?€?from small business owners to the world?€?s biggest OE brands?€?to solve complex filtration challenges. Discover how Donaldson is Advancing Filtration for a Cleaner World at www.Donaldson.com.
Ducommun Incorporated delivers value-added innovative manufacturing solutions to customers in the aerospace, defense and industrial markets. Founded in 1849, the Company specializes in two core areas - Electronic Systems and Structural Systems - to produce complex products and components for commercial aircraft platforms, mission-critical military and space programs, and sophisticated industrial applications.
Dime Community Bancshares, Inc. is a parent company of The Dime Savings Bank of Williamsburgh (the Bank), a federally-chartered stock savings bank. As of December 31, 2011, the Bank operated 26 full-service retail banking offices located in the New York City (NYC) boroughs of Brooklyn, Queens, and the Bronx, and in Nassau County, New York. The Bank's principal business has been, and continues to be, gathering deposits from customers within its market area, and investing them in multifamily residential mortgage, commercial real estate, one- to four-family residential mortgage, construction and land acquisition, and consumer loans, mortgage-backed securities (MBS), obligations of the United States Government and Government Sponsored Entities (GSEs), and corporate debt and equity securities. The Bank's revenues are derived from interest on its loan and securities portfolios and other short-term investments.

DCP Midstream, LP is a Fortune 500 midstream master limited partnership headquartered in Denver, Colorado, with a diversified portfolio of gathering, processing, logistics and marketing assets. DCP is one of the largest natural gas liquids producers and marketers and one of the largest natural gas processors in the U.S. The owner of DCP?€?s general partner is a joint venture between Enbridge and Phillips 66.
DCP Midstream LP 7.875% Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units
DCP Midstream LP 7.95% Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units
Deciphera Pharmaceuticals Inc
Decarbonization Plus Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Duck Creek Technologies is a leading provider of core system solutions to the P&C and General insurance industry. By accessing Duck Creek OnDemand, the company?€?s enterprise Software-as-a-Service solution, insurance carriers are able to navigate uncertainty and capture market opportunities faster than their competitors. Duck Creek?€?s functionally-rich solutions are available on a standalone basis or as a full suite, and all are available via Duck Creek OnDemand.
Delcath Systems, Inc. is an interventional oncology company focused on the treatment of primary and metastatic liver cancers. Our investigational product Melphalan Hydrochloride for Injection for use with the Delcath Hepatic Delivery System (Melphalan/HDS) is designed to administer high-dose chemotherapy to the liver while minimizing systemic exposure and associated side effects. In addition to the Phase 3 FOCUS Trial which is evaluating the safety and efficacy of Melphalan/HDS to treat patients with hepatic-dominant ocular melanoma, we are also evaluating the potential for Melphalan/HDS to treat other forms of metastatic liver cancers. Melphalan/HDS has not been approved by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) for sale in the U.S. In Europe, our system is marketed under the trade name Delcath CHEMOSAT?? Hepatic Delivery System for Melphalan (CHEMOSAT) and has been CE Marked and used at major medical centers to treat a wide range of cancers of the liver. CHEMOSAT is being marketed under an exclusive licensing agreement with medac GmbH, a privately held multi-national pharmaceutical company headquartered in Germany that specializes in the treatment and diagnosis of oncological, urological and autoimmune diseases.
DuPont is a global innovation leader with technology-based materials, ingredients and solutions that help transform industries and everyday life. Our employees apply diverse science and expertise to help customers advance their best ideas and deliver essential innovations in key markets including electronics, transportation, construction, water, health and wellness, food and worker safety.??
More than 30 years ago, 3D Systems brought the innovation of 3D printing to the manufacturing industry. Today, as the leading Additive Manufacturing solutions partner, we bring innovation, performance, and reliability to every interaction - empowering our customers to create products and business models never before possible. Thanks to our unique offering of hardware, software, materials, and services, each application-specific solution is powered by the expertise of our application engineers who collaborate with customers to transform how they deliver their products and services. 3D Systems?€? solutions address a variety of advanced applications in Healthcare and Industrial markets such as Medical and Dental, Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, and Durable Goods.
Datadog is the monitoring and security platform for cloud applications. Our SaaS platform integrates and automates infrastructure monitoring, application performance monitoring and log management to provide unified, real-time observability of our customers?€? entire technology stack. Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes and across a wide range of industries to enable digital transformation and cloud migration, drive collaboration among development, operations, security and business teams, accelerate time to market for applications, reduce time to problem resolution, secure applications and infrastructure, understand user behavior and track key business metrics.
Dillard's, Inc. (Dillard's) is a fashion apparel, cosmetics and home furnishing retailer. The Company operates in two segments: the operation of retail department stores and a general contracting construction company. Its retail operations segment include cosmetics, ladies' apparel and accessories, juniors' and children's apparel, men's apparel and accessories, shoes and home and furniture. As of January 28, 2012, it operated 304 Dillard's stores, including 16 clearance centers, and an Internet store offering a selection of merchandise including fashion apparel for women, men and children, accessories, cosmetics, home furnishings and other consumer goods. The Company also operates a general contracting construction company, CDI Contractors, LLC and CDI Contractors, Inc. (CDI), whose business includes constructing and remodeling stores for the Company.
No Description Available
Deere & Company (John Deere) along with its subsidiaries, operates in three segments: agriculture and turf, construction and forestry and financial services. The John Deere agriculture and turf segment manufactures and distributes a line of agricultural and turf equipment and related service parts. John Deere construction, earthmoving, material handling and forestry equipment includes a broad range of backhoe loaders, crawler dozers and loaders, four-wheel-drive loaders, excavators, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, landscape loaders, skid-steer loaders, log skidders, log feller bunchers, log loaders, log forwarders, log harvesters and a range of attachments. The financial services segment primarily finances sales and leases by John Deere dealers of new and used agriculture and turf equipment and construction and forestry equipment.
Easterly Government Properties, Inc. is based in Washington, D.C. and focuses primarily on the acquisition, development and management of Class A commercial properties that are leased to the U.S. Government. Easterly?€?s experienced management team brings specialized insight into the strategy and needs of mission-critical U.S. Government agencies for properties leased to such agencies either directly or through the U.S. General Services Administration (GSA).
Brands: Deckers??Brands is a global leader in designing, marketing and distributing innovative footwear, apparel and accessories developed for both everyday casual??lifestyle??use and high performance activities. The Company's portfolio of brands includes UGG??, KOOLABURRA??, HOKA ONE??ONE??, Teva??, and Sanuk??. Deckers??Brands products are sold in more than 50 countries and territories through select department and specialty stores, Company-owned and operated retail stores, and select online stores, including Company-owned websites. Deckers??Brands has a 40-year history of building niche footwear brands into lifestyle market leaders attracting millions??of loyal consumers globally. To view Corporate Responsibility Reports from Deckers Brands, visit https://www.deckers.com/responsibility.

D8 Holdings Corp. Units each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and onehalf of one redeemable warrant
D8 Holdings Corp - Warrants (05/08/2027)
Douglas Emmett, Inc. ( DEI ) is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT), and one of the largest owners and operators of high-quality office and multifamily properties located in the premier coastal submarkets of Los Angeles and Honolulu. Douglas Emmett focuses on owning and acquiring a substantial share of top-tier office properties and premier multifamily communities in neighborhoods that possess significant supply constraints, high-end executive housing and key lifestyle amenities.
Dell Technologies helps organizations and individuals build their digital future and transform how they work, live and play. The company provides customers with the industry's broadest and most innovative technology and services portfolio for the data era. 1. IDC WW Purpose-Built Backup Appliance Systems Tracker, 2Q20 (revenue), September 2020. 2. Based on Dell internal testing with DD Boost protocol on DD9900??within DP8900 with DDOS 7.2 vs. DD9800 within DP8800 with DDOS 7.2, April 2020. Actual??results may vary. 3. Based on 8KB 100% read internal test to measure peak??IOPS, performed on??PowerProtect??DD9900 and DDOS 7.2, July 2020. Retest??performed on DD9900 within DP8900, September 2020. Actual results may vary. Based on field telemetry from PowerProtect DD series appliances. PowerProtect DP series appliances also apply to field telemetry data. Actual results may vary. 4. Based on field telemetry from PowerProtect DD series appliances. PowerProtect DP series appliances also apply to field telemetry data. Actual results may vary. 5. Based on Dell analysis comparing DP8900 vs.DP8800 max configurations recording kVA, August 2020. Actual results will vary. 6. Based on Dell analysis, September 2020. Copyright ?? 2020 Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved. Dell Technologies, Dell, EMC and Dell EMC are trademarks of Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. Other trademarks may be trademarks of their respective owners. VMware, Tanzu, vCenter, vSphere, and VMware Cloud Foundation are registered trademarks or trademarks of VMware, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other jurisdictions. SOURCE Dell Technologies Related Links http://www.delltechnologies.com
Denbury Inc - New
Denny's Corporation is the franchisor and operator of one of America's largest franchised full-service restaurant chains, based on the number of restaurants. As of June??24, 2020, Denny?€?s had 1,683 franchised, licensed, and company restaurants around the world including 147 restaurants in Canada, Puerto Rico, Mexico, the Philippines, New Zealand, Honduras, the United Arab Emirates, Costa Rica, Guam, Guatemala, the United Kingdom, El Salvador, Indonesia, and Aruba.
Diageo is a global leader in beverage alcohol with an outstanding collection of brands including Johnnie Walker, Crown Royal, Bulleit and Buchanan's whiskies, Smirnoff, C??roc and Ketel One vodkas, Captain Morgan, Baileys, Don Julio, Tanqueray and Guinness. Diageo is listed on both the New York Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange (LSE: DGE) and our products are sold in more than 180 countries around the world.
Despegar.com Corp
Diffusion Pharmaceuticals Inc. is an innovative biotechnology company developing new treatments that improve the body?€?s ability to deliver oxygen to the areas where it is needed most, offering new hope for the treatment of life-threatening medical conditions. Diffusion?€?s lead drug TSC was originally developed in conjunction with the United States (?€?U.S.?€?) Office of Naval Research, which was seeking a way to treat multiple organ failure and its resulting mortality caused by low oxygen levels from blood loss on the battlefield. Today, Diffusion is focused on addressing some of medicine?€?s most intractable and difficult-to-treat diseases, including multiple organ failure from respiratory distress related to diseases such as COVID-19, stroke and glioblastoma multiforme (?€?GBM?€?). In each of these diseases, lack of available oxygen presents a significant obstacle for medical providers and is the target for TSC?€?s novel mechanism. The Company is currently partnering with U.S. and European institutions on an expedited research program to develop TSC as a treatment for the low oxygen levels and associated multiple organ failure in COVID-19 patients. Preclinical data support the potential for TSC as a treatment for other conditions where low oxygen availability plays an important role, such as myocardial infarction, peripheral artery disease and neurodegenerative conditions such as Alzheimer?€?s and Parkinson?€?s disease. In addition to the development of TSC, RES-529, the Company?€?s PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway inhibitor that dissociates the mTORC1 and mTORC2 complexes, is in preclinical testing for GBM. Diffusion is headquartered in Charlottesville, Virginia ?€? a hub of advancement in the life science and biopharmaceutical industries.

Deerfield Healthcare Technology Acquisitions Corp. Unit
Deerfield Healthcare Technology Acquisitions Corp - Warrants (01/01/9999)
DFIN is a leading global risk and compliance solutions company. We provide domain expertise, enterprise software and data analytics for every stage of our clients?€? business and investment lifecycles. Markets fluctuate, regulations evolve, technology advances, and through it all, DFIN delivers confidence with the right solutions in moments that matter. Learn about DFIN?€?s end-to-end risk and compliance solutions online at DFINsolutions.com or you can also follow us on Twitter @DFINSolutions or on LinkedIn. About Entrepreneur Of The Year?? Entrepreneur Of The Year?? is the world?€?s most prestigious business awards program for unstoppable entrepreneurs. These visionary leaders deliver innovation, growth and prosperity that transform our world. The program engages entrepreneurs with insights and experiences that foster growth. It connects them with their peers to strengthen entrepreneurship around the world. Entrepreneur Of The Year is the first and only truly global awards program of its kind. It celebrates entrepreneurs through regional and national awards programs in more than 145 cities in over 60 countries. Winners go on to compete for the EY World Entrepreneur Of The Year??? title. ey.com/us/eoy About EY EY is a global leader in assurance, tax, strategy, transaction and consulting services. The insights and quality services we deliver help build trust and confidence in the capital markets and in economies the world over. We develop outstanding leaders who team to deliver on our promises to all of our stakeholders. In so doing, we play a critical role in building a better working world for our people, for our clients and for our communities. EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients.

LGL Systems Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Com & 12 Wt Exp 09072024
LGL Systems Acquisition Corp. Redeemable Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for shares of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share

DFP Healthcare Acquisitions Corp Unit 1 Com Cl A & 14 Wt Exp 03312025
DFP Healthcare Acquisitions Corp Wt Exp 03312025
Discover Financial Services is a direct banking and payment services company. The Company is a bank holding company and a financial holding company. The Company offer credit cards, student loans, personal loans and deposit products through its Discover Bank subsidiary and home loans through its Discover Home Loans, Inc. subsidiary (Discover Home Loans). The Company operates the Discover Network, its credit card payments network; the PULSE network (PULSE), its automated teller machine (ATM), debit and electronic funds transfer network, and Diners Club International (Diners Club), its global payments network. The Company operates in two segments: Direct Banking and Payment Services. In June 2012, Tree.Com Inc sold the operating assets of its Home Loan Center, Inc. business to a wholly owned subsidiary of Discover Financial Services.
Dollar General Corporation has been delivering value to shoppers for more than 80 years through its mission of Serving Others. Dollar General helps shoppers Save time. Save money. Every day!?? by offering products that are frequently used and replenished, such as food, snacks, health and beauty aids, cleaning supplies, basic apparel, housewares and seasonal items at everyday low prices in convenient neighborhood locations. Dollar General operated 16,720 stores in 46 states as of July 31, 2020. In addition to high-quality private brands, Dollar General sells products from America's most-trusted manufacturers such as Clorox, Energizer, Procter & Gamble, Hanes, Coca-Cola, Mars, Unilever, Nestle, Kimberly-Clark, Kellogg's, General Mills, and PepsiCo.
Donegal Group is an insurance holding company. The insurance subsidiaries of Donegal Group and Donegal Mutual Insurance Company conduct business together as the Donegal Insurance Group. Our Class A common stock and Class B common stock trade on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbols DGICA and DGICB, respectively. We are focused on several primary strategies, including improving our financial performance, utilizing technology to improve our operational efficiency, strategically modernizing our business in order to achieve operational excellence and enhancing our market position to compete effectively. Safe Harbor We base all statements contained in this release that are not historic facts on our current expectations. These statements are forward-looking in nature (as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could vary materially. Factors that could cause actual results to vary materially include: adverse and catastrophic weather events, our ability to maintain profitable operations, the adequacy of the loss and loss expense reserves of our insurance subsidiaries, business and economic conditions in the areas in which our insurance subsidiaries operate, interest rates, competition from various insurance and other financial businesses, terrorism, the availability and cost of reinsurance, legal and judicial developments, changes in regulatory requirements, our ability to integrate and manage successfully the insurance companies we may acquire from time to time and other risks we describe from time to time in the periodic reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Donegal Group Inc. (DGI) is an insurance holding company whose insurance subsidiaries offer personal and commercial lines of property and casualty insurance to businesses and individuals in 22 Mid-Atlantic, Midwestern, New England and Southern states. The Company has three segments: its investment portfolio, its personal lines of insurance and its commercial lines of insurance. Donegal Mutual Insurance Company (Donegal Mutual) provides facilities, personnel and other services to the Company and its insurance subsidiaries. The personal lines its insurance subsidiaries write consist primarily of private passenger automobile and homeowners insurance. The commercial lines its insurance subsidiaries write consist primarily of commercial automobile, commercial multi-peril and workers' compensation insurance. The Company also owns 48.2% interest of Donegal Financial Services Corporation (DFSC), a unitary thrift holding company.
Digi International is a leading global provider of business and mission-critical Internet of Things (IoT) connectivity products and solutions. We help our customers create next-generation connected products and solutions to deploy, monitor and manage critical communications infrastructures and compliance standards in demanding environments with high levels of security, relentless reliability and bulletproof performance. Founded in 1985, we've helped our customers connect over 100 million things, and growing.
Digital Ally ??, headquartered in Lenexa, KS, specializes in the design and manufacturing of the highest quality video recording equipment and video analytic software. Digital Ally pushes the boundaries of technology in industries such as law enforcement, emergency management, fleet safety and security. Digital Ally?€?s complete product solutions include vehicle and body cameras, flexible software storage, automatic recording technology and various critical safety products. These products work seamlessly together and are simple to install and operate. In addition, Digital Ally recently launched two new product lines including a n on-contact thermometer/controlled-entry device under the Company?€?s ThermoVu ??? brand and an EPA Category IV disinfectant/sanitizer under the Company?€?s Shield ??? brand. Digital Ally products are sold by domestic direct sales representatives and international distributors worldwide.

Dragoneer Growth Opportunities Corp
Dragoneer Growth Opportunities Corp - Warrants (18/08/2027)
Dragoneer Growth Opportunities Corp II - Class A
Quest Diagnostics empowers people to take action to improve health outcomes. Derived from the world's largest database of clinical lab results, our diagnostic insights reveal new avenues to identify and treat disease, inspire healthy behaviors and improve health care management. Quest Diagnostics annually serves one in three adult Americans and half the physicians and hospitals in the United States, and our 47,000 employees understand that, in the right hands and with the right context, our diagnostic insights can inspire actions that transform lives. www.QuestDiagnostics.com. SOURCE Quest Diagnostics Related Links www.questdiagnostics.com
SNH is a real estate investment trust, or REIT, that owns medical office and life science properties, senior living communities and wellness centers throughout the United States, with $8.4 billion of assets under management, including more than 460 properties, as of March 31, 2019. SNH is managed by the operating subsidiary of The RMR Group Inc. About The RMR Group Inc. The RMR Group Inc. is a holding company and substantially all of its business is conducted by its majority owned operating subsidiary, The RMR Group LLC. The RMR Group LLC is an alternative asset management company that primarily provides management services to publicly traded REITs and real estate related operating companies. As of March 31, 2019, The RMR Group LLC had approximately $30.0 billion of total assets under management, including more than 1,500 properties, and employed almost 600 real estate professionals in more than 30 offices throughout the United States; the companies managed by The RMR Group LLC collectively had approximately 50,000 employees. The RMR Group Inc. is headquartered in Newton, Massachusetts. A Maryland Real Estate Investment Trust with transferable shares of beneficial interest listed on the Nasdaq. No shareholder, Trustee or officer is personally liable for any act or obligation of the Trust.


D.R. Horton, Inc. is the homebuilding companies in the United States. The Company constructs and sells homes through its operating divisions in 26 states and 77 metropolitan markets of the United States, primarily under the name of D.R. Horton, America's Builder. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2012 (fiscal 2012), the Company closed 18,890 homes. Through its financial services operations, the Company provides mortgages financing and title agency services to homebuyers in many of its homebuilding markets. DHI Mortgage, its 100% owned subsidiary, provides mortgage financing services primarily to the Company's homebuilding customers and generally sells the mortgages it originates and the related servicing rights to third-party purchasers. In August 2012, it acquired the homebuilding operations of Breland Homes.
: Based in Columbus, Ohio, Diamond Hill is an independent active asset manager with significant employee ownership and $22.3 billion in assets under management as of September??30, 2020. Investment strategies include long-only U.S. and international equity, alternative long-short equity and fixed income. Diamond Hill invests on behalf of institutions and individuals by providing strategies that deliver lasting value through a shared commitment to its valuation-driven investment principles, including a long-term perspective, disciplined approach and alignment with client interests.
Danaher is a global science and technology innovator committed to helping its customers solve complex challenges and improving quality of life around the world. Its family of world class brands has leadership positions in the demanding and attractive health care, environmental and applied end-markets. With more than 20 operating companies, Danaher's globally diverse team of approximately 67,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, and its Shared Purpose, Helping Realize Life's Potential.
Danaher Corp Mandatory Conv Pfd Ser A

DHT is an independent crude oil tanker company. Our fleet trades internationally and consists of crude oil tankers in the VLCC segment. We operate through our integrated management companies in Monaco, Singapore and Oslo, Norway. You shall recognize us by our business approach with an experienced organization with focus on first rate operations and customer service, quality ships built at quality shipyards, prudent capital structure with robust cash break even levels to accommodate staying power through the business cycles, a combination of market exposure and fixed income contracts for our fleet and a transparent corporate structure maintaining a high level of integrity and good governance.
Dice Holdings, Inc. (DHI) is a provider of specialized Websites focused on select professional communities. Through the Company's online communities, professionals can manage their careers by finding relevant job opportunities and by building their knowledge through original and community-shared content. The Company's segment includes Tech & Clearance, Finance, Energy and Other. The Company provides online communities for direct employers, recruiters and staffing companies, consulting firms and marketing professionals, technology and engineering, financial markets, energy, healthcare, and security-cleared professionals. Both customers and professionals provide content for its Websites by posting descriptions of available jobs and resumes, and by creating, improving, comparing, and distributing Open Source software and debating and discussing issues facing the technology community. In November 2013, Dice Holdings Inc purchased onTargetjobs.
DineEquity, Inc. owns franchise and operate two restaurant concepts: Applebee's Neighborhood Grill & Bar, (Applebee's), in the bar and grill segment of the casual dining category of the restaurant industry, and International House of Pancakes (IHOP), in the family dining category of the restaurant industry. As of December 31, 2012, the franchise operations segment consisted of 2,011 restaurants operated by Applebee's franchisees in the United States, one United States territory and 15 foreign countries and 1,569 restaurants operated by IHOP franchisees and area licensees in the United States, two United States territories and five foreign countries. As of December 31, 2012, the Company restaurant operations segment consisted of 23 Applebee's Company-operated restaurants, 10 IHOP Company-operated restaurants and two IHOP restaurants reacquired from franchisees and operated by IHOP on a temporary basis until refranchised.
Diodes Incorporated, a Standard and Poor?€?s SmallCap 600 and Russell 3000 Index company, delivers high-quality semiconductor products to the world?€?s leading companies in the consumer electronics, computing, communications, industrial, and automotive markets. We leverage our expanded product portfolio of discrete, analog, and mixed-signal products and leading-edge packaging technology to meet customers?€? needs. Our broad range of application-specific solutions and solutions-focused sales, coupled with worldwide operations of 28 sites, including engineering, testing, manufacturing, and customer service, enables us to be a premier provider for high-volume, high-growth markets.
Disney Consumer Products, Games and Publishing (CPGP) brings the magic of The Walt Disney Company?€?s brands and franchises?€?including Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars, National Geographic, and more?€?into the daily lives of families and fans around the world through products and experiences across more than 100 retail categories from toys and t-shirts to apps, books, video games, and more. A division of the Disney Parks, Experiences and Products segment, CPGP?€?s global operations include: the world?€?s largest licensing business, one of the biggest children?€?s publishing brands, a leading licensor of interactive games across platforms, Disney store locations globally, and the shopDisney e-commerce platform.
Discovery Communications, Inc. (Discovery) is a global nonfiction media and entertainment company that provide programming across multiple distribution platforms worldwide. Discovery operates in three segments: U.S. Networks, International Networks and Education and Other. The Company's U.S. Networks, consists principally of domestic cable and satellite television networks, Websites and other digital media services. Its International Networks consists primarily of international cable and satellite television networks and Websites. It's Education and other consists principally of curriculum-based education product and service offerings and postproduction audio services. In November 2013, the Company announced it has acquired Espresso Group Limited, provider of primary school digital education content in the United Kingdom.
Discovery Communications, Inc. (Discovery) is a global nonfiction media and entertainment company that provide programming across multiple distribution platforms worldwide. Discovery operates in three segments: U.S. Networks, International Networks and Education and Other. The Company's U.S. Networks, consists principally of domestic cable and satellite television networks, Websites and other digital media services. Its International Networks consists primarily of international cable and satellite television networks and Websites. It's Education and other consists principally of curriculum-based education product and service offerings and postproduction audio services. In November 2013, the Company announced it has acquired Espresso Group Limited, provider of primary school digital education content in the United Kingdom.
Discovery Communications, Inc. (Discovery) is a global nonfiction media and entertainment company that provide programming across multiple distribution platforms worldwide. Discovery operates in three segments: U.S. Networks, International Networks and Education and Other. The Company's U.S. Networks, consists principally of domestic cable and satellite television networks, Websites and other digital media services. Its International Networks consists primarily of international cable and satellite television networks and Websites. It's Education and other consists principally of curriculum-based education product and service offerings and postproduction audio services. In November 2013, the Company announced it has acquired Espresso Group Limited, provider of primary school digital education content in the United Kingdom.
DISH Network Corporation is a pay-television (TV) provider, with approximately 13.967 million customers across the United States as of December 31, 2011. The Company offers a range of local and national programming, featuring more national and local high definition (HD) channels than pay-TV providers. During the year ended December 31, 2011, DISH added approximately 2.576 million gross new subscribers. On April 26, 2011, the Company acquired Blockbuster, Inc. It acquired Blockbuster operations in the United States and in certain foreign countries. Blockbuster primarily offers movies and video games for sale and rental through multiple distribution channels, such as retail stores, by-mail, digital devices, the blockbuster.com Website and the BLOCKBUSTER On Demand service. In March 2012, the Company acquired DBSD North America, Inc. and TerreStar Networks, Inc. In July 2012, Blockbuster, a subsidiary of the Company, acquired the assets of retail software provider Alpha Bay Corporation.
AMCON Distributing Company (AMCON) operates in two segments: wholesale distribution segment (Wholesale Segment) and retail health food segment (Retail Segment). The Company's Wholesale Segment distributes consumer products in the Central, Rocky Mountain, and Southern regions of the United States. Its retail health food segment (Retail Segment) operates 14 health food retail stores located throughout the Midwest and Florida. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2012 (fiscal 2012), sales of cigarettes represented 73% of the Company's consolidated revenue. During fiscal 2012, sales of candy, beverages, food service, groceries, health food products, paper products, health and beauty care products, and tobacco products represented approximately 27% of consolidated revenue.
UBS AG London Branch ETRACS Bloomberg Commodity Index Total Return ETN Ser B 10312039
Daily Journal Corporation (DJC) publishes newspapers and Websites covering California and Arizona, as well as the California Lawyer magazine, and produces several specialized information services. Sustain Technologies, Inc. (Sustain), a wholly owned subsidiary, supplies case management software systems and related products to courts and other justice agencies, including administrative law organizations. These courts and agencies use the Sustain family of products to help manage cases and information electronically and to interface with other critical justice partners. Sustain's products are designed to help users manage electronic case files from inception to disposition, including all aspects of calendaring and accounting, report and notice generation, the implementation of standards and business rules and other corollary functions. Effective September 13, 2013, Daily Journal Corp acquired ISD Corp.
Delek Logistics Partners, LP, headquartered in Brentwood, Tennessee, was formed by Delek US Holdings, Inc. to own, operate, acquire and construct crude oil and refined products logistics and marketing assets. About Delek US Holdings, Inc. Delek US Holdings, Inc. is a diversified downstream energy company with assets in petroleum refining, logistics, asphalt, renewable fuels and convenience store retailing. Delek US Holdings, Inc. is a diversified downstream energy company with assets in petroleum refining, logistics, asphalt, renewable fuels and convenience store retailing. The refining assets consist of refineries operated in Tyler and Big Spring, Texas, El Dorado, Arkansas and Krotz Springs, Louisiana with a combined nameplate crude throughput capacity of 302,000 barrels per day. The logistics operations consist of Delek Logistics. Delek US and its affiliates also own approximately 71 percent (including the 2 percent general partner interest) of Delek Logistics. Delek Logistics is a growth-oriented master limited partnership focused on owning and operating midstream energy infrastructure assets. The convenience store retail business operates approximately 252 convenience stores in central and west Texas and New Mexico.
Delek Logistics Partners, LP, headquartered in Brentwood, Tennessee, was formed by Delek US Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: DK) (?€?Delek US?€?) to own, operate, acquire and construct crude oil and refined products logistics and marketing assets.
DraftKings Inc. is a digital sports entertainment and gaming company created to fuel the competitive spirits of sports fans with products that range across daily fantasy, regulated gaming and digital media. Headquartered in Boston, and launched in 2012 by Jason Robins, Matt Kalish and Paul Liberman, DraftKings is the only U.S.-based vertically integrated sports betting operator. DraftKings is a multi-channel provider of sports betting and gaming technologies, powering sports and gaming entertainment for 50+ operators across more than 15 regulated U.S. and global markets, including Arkansas and Oregon in the U.S. DraftKings?€? Sportsbook offers mobile and retail betting for major U.S. and international sports and operates in the United States pursuant to regulations in Colorado, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Mississippi, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania,??Tennessee and West Virginia. DraftKings?€? daily fantasy sports product is available in 8 countries internationally with 15 distinct sports categories. DraftKings is the official daily fantasy partner of the NFL, MLB and the PGA TOUR as well as an authorized gaming operator of the NBA and MLB and an official betting operator of the PGA TOUR.
The DICK'S Sporting Goods Foundation is a tax exempt 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation with a mission to inspire and enable sports participation. It was created by DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. as a private corporate foundation to support DICK'S charitable and philanthropic activities.
China Distance Education Holdings Limited is a leading provider of online education and value-added services for professionals and corporate clients in China. The courses offered by the Company through its websites are designed to help professionals seeking to obtain and maintain professional licenses and to enhance their job skills through our professional development courses in China in the areas of accounting, healthcare, engineering??& construction, legal and other industries. The Company also offers online test preparation courses for self-taught learners pursuing higher education diplomas or degrees, and practical accounting training courses for college students and working professionals. In addition, the Company provides business services to corporate clients, including but not limited to tax advisory and accounting outsourcing services.
Delta Apparel, Inc., along with its operating subsidiaries, DTG2Go, LLC, Salt Life, LLC, and M.J. Soffe, LLC, is a vertically-integrated, international apparel company that designs, manufactures, sources, and markets a diverse portfolio of core activewear and lifestyle apparel products under the primary brands of Salt Life??, COAST??, Soffe??, and Delta. The Company is a market leader in the direct-to-garment digital print and fulfillment industry, bringing DTG2Go technology and innovation to the supply chain of its customers. The Company specializes in selling casual and athletic products through a variety of distribution channels and tiers, including outdoor and sporting goods retailers, independent and specialty stores, better department stores and mid-tier retailers, mass merchants and e-retailers, the U.S. military, and through its business-to-business e-commerce sites. The Company?€?s products are also made available direct-to-consumer on its websites at www.saltlife.com, www.coastapparel.com, www.soffe.com and www.deltaapparel.com as well as through its branded retail stores. The Company?€?s operations are located throughout the United States, Honduras, El Salvador, and Mexico, and it employs approximately 8,700 people worldwide.
Dolby Laboratories?? is based in??San Francisco??with offices in over 20 countries around the globe. Dolby??transforms the science of sight and sound into spectacular experiences. Through innovative research and engineering, we create breakthrough experiences for billions of people worldwide through a collaborative ecosystem spanning artists, businesses, and consumers. The experiences people have - with Dolby??Cinema, Dolby??Vision, Dolby??Atmos, Dolby??Audio, and Dolby??Voice - revolutionize entertainment and communications at the cinema, on the go, in the home, and at work. Dolby, Dolby Cinema, Dolby Vision, Dolby Atmos, Dolby Audio, Dolby Voice, and the double-D symbol are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of Dolby Laboratories, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. Other trademarks remain the property of their respective owners.
No Description Available
Dynagas LNG Partners LP. is a master limited partnership which owns and operates liquefied natural gas (LNG) carriers employed on multi-year charters. The Partnership?€?s current fleet consists of six LNG carriers, with aggregate carrying capacity of approximately 914,000 cubic meters.
Dynagas LNG Partners LP 9.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units
Dynagas LNG Partners LP Pfd Unit Ser B Fixed/Fltg
Dolphin Entertainment is a leading independent entertainment marketing and premium content development company. Through our subsidiaries 42West, The Door and Shore Fire Media, we provide expert strategic marketing and publicity services to many of the top brands, both individual and corporate, in the film, television, music and hospitality industries. Viewpoint Creative and Be Social complement their efforts with full-service creative branding and production capabilities as well as social media and influencer marketing services. Dolphin's legacy content production business, founded by Emmy-nominated CEO Bill O'Dowd, has produced multiple feature films and award-winning digital series.
Dolphin Entertainment Inc. - Warrants (21/12/2020)
Digital Realty supports the world's leading enterprises and service providers by delivering the full spectrum of data center, colocation and interconnection solutions. PlatformDIGITAL??, the company's global data center platform, provides customers a trusted foundation and proven Pervasive Datacenter Architecture PDx??? solution methodology for scaling digital business and efficiently managing data gravity challenges. Digital Realty's global data center footprint gives customers access to the connected communities that matter to them with more than 280 facilities in 49 metros across 24 countries on six continents.
Digital Realty Trust Inc. 6.625% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock
Digital Realty Trust Inc. 5.250% Series J Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Digital Realty Trust Inc Red Pfd Ser K

Duluth Holdings Inc. markets clothing, tools, and accessories under the Duluth Trading brand via Website and catalogs for contractors and serious do-it-yourselfers in the United States. It offers shirts, pants, casual wear, workwear, underwear, outerwear, footwear, accessories, and hard goods for men and women. The company markets its products under the various trademarks, trade names, and service marks, including Alaskan Hardgear, Armachillo, Ballroom, Bucket Master, Buck Naked, Cab Commander, Crouch Gusset, Dry on the Fly, Duluth Trading Company, Duluthflex, Fire Hose, Longtail T, No Polo Shirt, and Wild Boar Mocs. It also operates six retail stores and an outlet store across Minnesota, Iowa, and southern Wisconsin. The company was formerly known as GEMPLER??S, Inc. and changed its name to Duluth Holdings Inc. Duluth Holdings Inc. was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Belleville, Wisconsin. Duluth Holdings Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Gempler's Inc.
Dollar Tree, a Fortune 200 Company, operated 15,479 stores across 48 states and five Canadian provinces as of August 1, 2020. Stores operate under the brands of Dollar Tree, Family Dollar, and Dollar Tree Canada.
Deluxe, a Trusted Business Technology??? company, champions business so communities thrive. Our solutions help businesses pay and get paid, accelerate growth, and operate more efficiently. For more than 100 years, Deluxe customers have relied on our solutions and platforms at all stages of their lifecycle, from start-up to maturity. Our powerful scale supports approximately 4.5 million small businesses, over 4,000 financial institutions, hundreds of the world?€?s largest consumer brands, while processing more than $2.8 trillion in annual payment volume. Our reach, scale and distribution channels position Deluxe to be our customers?€? most trusted business partner.
DoubleLine Yield Opportunities Fund of Beneficial Interest
DiaMedica Therapeutics Inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel treatments for chronic kidney diseases and neurological disorders.
Dorchester Minerals, L.P. (Partnership) is engaged in the acquisition, ownership and administration of Royalty Properties and Net Profits Interests (NPIs). Partnership is a limited partnership formed on the combination of Dorchester Hugoton, Ltd., Republic Royalty Company, L.P. and Spinnaker Royalty Company, L.P. the Company owns two categories of properties: Royalty Properties and NPIs. The Royalty Properties consist of producing and nonproducing mineral, royalty, overriding royalty, net profits, and leasehold interests located in 574 counties and parishes in 25 states. The NPIs represent net profits overriding royalty interests in various properties owned by the operating partnership. Its general partner is Dorchester Minerals Management LP, which is managed by its general partner, Dorchester Minerals Management GP LLC. Its general partner also controls and owns, directly and indirectly, all of the partnership interests in Dorchester Minerals Operating LP and its general partner.
Digimarc Corporation is a pioneer in the automatic identification of media, including packaging, other commercial print, digital images, audio and video. The Digimarc Platform provides innovative and comprehensive automatic identification software and services to simplify search and transform information discovery through unparalleled reliability, efficiency and security. The Digimarc Platform enables applications that benefit retailers and consumer brands, national and state government agencies, media and entertainment industries, and others. Digimarc is based in Beaverton, Oregon, with a growing supplier network around the world.
Digital Media Solutions Inc. Class A
Digital Media Solutions Inc. Warrants
Constellation, a special purpose acquisition company, was formed by Mr. Rajiv Sarman Shukla. Constellation raised $143.75 million in its initial public offering in June 2017.
The Fund seeks to track the investments results of the MSCI EAFE Choice ESG Screened Index (the ?€?Underlying Index?€?), which has been developed by MSCI Inc. (the ?€?Index Provider?€? or ?€?MSCI?€?). The Underlying Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization-weighted index designed to reflect the equity performance of large- and mid-capitalization developed market companies, excluding the U.S. and Canada, with favorable environmental, social and governance (?€?ESG?€?) ratings (as determined by MSCI ESG Research LLC (?€?MSCI ESG Research?€?)) while applying extensive screens, including removing fossil fuel exposure. MSCI begins with the MSCI EAFE Index (the ?€?Parent Index?€?) and selects companies with favorable ESG ratings while excluding securities of companies involved in adult entertainment, alcohol, gambling, tobacco, genetic engineering, controversial weapons, nuclear weapons, civilian firearms, conventional weapons, palm oil, private prisons, predatory lending, and nuclear power based on revenue or percentage of revenue thresholds for certain categories (e.g. $500 million or 50%) and categorical exclusions for others (e.g. nuclear weapons).   MSCI ESG Research rates the ESG characteristics of securities on a scale of ?€?CCC?€? (lowest) to ?€?AAA?€? (highest). MSCI ESG Research determines the ESG ratings by evaluating the company's risks and opportunities and using a sector-specific ESG Key Issues (?€?Key Issues?€?) (e.g., carbon emissions) selection and weighting model. Each company is scored on a scale of 0 to 10, with 10 being the most desirable, for each applicable Key Issue before being provided an ESG rating based on average Key Issue score. ESG ratings are calculated in comparison to a company's sector peers, and securities in one sector may have a lower average ESG rating than securities in another sector. Only securities of companies with an ESG rating of ?€?BBB?€? or higher are eligible for inclusion in the Underlying Index.  MSCI screens companies with involvement in fossil fuels by excluding any company in the energy sector as per GICS methodology and all companies with an industry tie to fossil fuels such as thermal coal, oil and gas?€?in particular, reserve ownership, related revenues and power generation. Companies that meet the fossil fuel involvement screen but that derive more than 50% of revenues from alternative energy and do not have an industry tie to thermal coal or oil sands or have fossil fuel reserves used most likely for energy applications, as determined by the Index Provider, will be added back. Additionally, MSCI excludes companies involved in very serious business controversies. MSCI ESG Research defines a controversy as an instance or ongoing situation in which company operations and/or products allegedly have a negative environmental, social and/or governance impact. Each controversy case is assessed for the severity of its impact on society.  The Underlying Index includes large- and mid-capitalization companies and may change over time. As of May 12, 2020, a significant portion of the Underlying Index is represented by securities of companies in the financials and industrials industries or sectors. The components of the Underlying Index are likely to change over time. The Underlying Index is reviewed quarterly to coincide with the semi-annual and quarterly review of the Parent Index. BFA uses a ?€?passive?€? or indexing approach to try to achieve the Fund?€?s investment objective. Unlike many investment companies, the Fund does not try to ?€?beat?€? the index it tracks and does not seek temporary defensive positions when markets decline or appear overvalued.  Indexing may eliminate the chance that the Fund will substantially outperform the Underlying Index but also may reduce some of the risks of active management, such as poor security selection. Indexing seeks to achieve lower costs and better after-tax performance by aiming to keep portfolio turnover low in comparison to actively managed investment companies.  BFA uses a representative sampling indexing strategy to manage the Fund. ?€?Representative sampling?€? is an indexing strategy that involves investing in a representative sample of securities that collectively has an investment profile similar to that of an applicable underlying index. The securities selected are expected to have, in the aggregate, investment characteristics (based on factors such as market capitalization and industry weightings), fundamental characteristics (such as return variability and yield) and liquidity measures similar to those of an applicable underlying index. The Fund may or may not hold all of the securities in the Underlying Index.  The Fund generally will invest at least 90% of its assets in the component securities of the Underlying Index and in investments that have economic characteristics that are substantially identical to the component securities of the Underlying Index (i.e., depositary receipts representing securities of the Underlying Index) and may invest up to 10% of its assets in certain futures, options and swap contracts, cash and cash equivalents, including shares of money market funds advised by BFA or its affiliates, as well as in securities not included in the Underlying Index, but which BFA believes will help the Fund track the Underlying Index. The Fund seeks to track the investment results of the Underlying Index before fees and expenses of the Fund.  The Fund may lend securities representing up to one-third of the value of the Fund's total assets (including the value of any collateral received).  The Underlying Index is sponsored by MSCI, which is independent of the Fund and BFA. The Index Provider determines the composition and relative weightings of the securities in the Underlying Index and publishes information regarding the market value of the Underlying Index.  Industry Concentration Policy.  The Fund will concentrate its investments (i.e., hold 25% or more of its total assets) in a particular industry or group of industries to approximately the same extent that the Underlying Index is concentrated. For purposes of this limitation, securities of the U.S. government (including its agencies and instrumentalities) and repurchase agreements collateralized by U.S. government securities are not considered to be issued by members of any industry.

dMY Technology Group Inc II Units each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and onethird of one redeemable warrant
dMY Technology Group Inc II - Warrants (29/07/2027)
dMY Technology Group Inc III - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/4 War)

dMY Technology Group Inc. Units each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and onehalf of one redeemable Warrant
dMY Technology Group Inc. Redeemable Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock each at an exercise price of 11.50 per share
Dun & Bradstreet, a leading global provider of business decisioning data and analytics, enables companies around the world to improve their business performance. Dun & Bradstreet?€?s Data Cloud fuels solutions and delivers insights that empower customers to accelerate revenue, lower cost, mitigate risk, and transform their businesses. Since 1841, companies of every size have relied on Dun & Bradstreet to help them manage risk and reveal opportunity.
PHOENIX TREE HLDGS LTD
With more than 21,000 points of distribution in more than 60 countries worldwide, Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc. is one of the world's leading franchisors of quick service restaurants (QSR) serving hot and cold coffee and baked goods, as well as hard-serve ice cream. At the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2020, Dunkin' Brands' 100 percent franchised business model included over 13,000 Dunkin' restaurants and approximately 8,000 Baskin-Robbins restaurants. Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc. is headquartered in Canton, Mass. SOURCE Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc. Related Links www.dunkinbrands.com
Denali Therapeutics Inc
Denison Mines Corp. is engaged in uranium mining and related activities in Canada, Zambia, Mali, Namibia, Niger, and Mongolia. The company is involved in the acquisition, exploration, and development of uranium properties; and extraction, processing, and selling of uranium. Its exploration project portfolio consists of 43 projects totaling approximately 584,000 hectares located in the Eastern Athabasca Basin region of Saskatchewan. The company also owns 100% interest in the conventional heap leach Mutanga project located in Zambia; 100% interest in the uranium/copper/silver Falea project in Mali; 90% interest in the Dome project in Namibia; and 85% interest in the in-situ recovery projects in Mongolia. In addition, it provides mine decommissioning and decommissioned site monitoring services to third parties. The company was formerly known as International Uranium Corporation and changed its name to Denison Mines Corp. in December 2006. Denison Mines Corp. was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.
DistributionNOW is a worldwide supplier of energy and industrial products and engineered equipment solutions. With approximately 2,650 employees and a network of approximately 205 locations worldwide, we offer a suite of digital solutions branded as DigitalNOW?? that provide customers world-class technology for digital commerce and data and information management. Our locations provide products and solutions to exploration and production companies, energy transmission and storage companies, refineries, chemical companies, utilities, mining, municipal water, manufacturers and engineering and construction companies. DistributionNOW has a legacy of over 150 years and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.
Physicians Realty Trust is a self-managed healthcare real estate company organized to acquire, selectively develop, own and manage healthcare properties that are leased to physicians, hospitals and healthcare delivery systems. The Company invests in real estate that is integral to providing high quality healthcare. The Company is a Maryland real estate investment trust and has elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Company conducts its business through an UPREIT structure in which its properties are owned by the Operating Partnership, directly or through limited partnerships, limited liability companies or other subsidiaries.
DocuSign helps organizations connect and automate how they prepare, sign, act on, and manage agreements. As part of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud, DocuSign offers eSignature: the world's #1 way to sign electronically on practically any device, from almost anywhere, at any time. Today, more than 500,000 customers and hundreds of millions of users in over 180 countries use DocuSign to accelerate the process of doing business and to simplify people's lives.
Dogness (International) Corp
Domo Inc
BRP Inc
Masonite International Corporation is a leading global designer, manufacturer and distributor of interior and exterior doors for the new construction and repair, renovation and remodeling sectors of the residential and non-residential building construction markets. Since 1925, Masonite has provided its customers with innovative products and superior service at compelling values. Masonite currently serves approximately 8,500 customers in 60 countries.
Dorman gives repair professionals and vehicle owners greater freedom to fix cars and trucks by focusing on solutions first. For over 100 years, we have been one of the automotive aftermarket industry?€?s pioneering problem solvers, releasing tens of thousands of replacement products engineered to save time and money and increase convenience and reliability. Founded and headquartered in the United States, we are a global organization offering an always-evolving catalog of parts, covering both light duty and heavy duty vehicles, from chassis to body, from underhood to undercar, and from hardware to complex electronics.
Dover is a diversified global manufacturer and solutions provider with annual revenue of approximately $7 billion. We deliver innovative equipment and components, consumable supplies, aftermarket parts, software and digital solutions, and support services through five operating segments: Engineered Products, Fueling Solutions, Imaging & Identification, Pumps & Process Solutions and Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Dover combines global scale, operational agility, world-class engineering capability and customer intimacy to lead the markets we serve. Recognized for our entrepreneurial approach for over 60 years, our team of over 23,000 employees takes an ownership mindset, collaborating with customers to redefine what's possible. Headquartered in Downers Grove, Illinois, Dover trades on the New York Stock Exchange under "DOV."
Dow (NYSE: DOW) combines global breadth, asset integration and scale, focused innovation and leading business positions to achieve profitable growth. The Company?€?s ambition is to become the most innovative, customer centric, inclusive and sustainable materials science company. Dow?€?s portfolio of plastics, industrial intermediates, coatings and silicones businesses delivers a broad range of differentiated science-based products and solutions for its customers in high-growth market segments, such as packaging, infrastructure and consumer care. Dow operates 109 manufacturing sites in 31 countries and employs approximately 36,500 people. Dow delivered sales of approximately $43 billion in 2019. References to Dow or the Company mean Dow Inc. and its subsidiaries.
Amdocs?€? purpose is to enrich lives and progress society, using creativity and technology to build a better connected world. Amdocs and its 26,000 employees partner with the leading players in the communications and media industry, enabling next-generation experiences in 85 countries. Our cloud-native, open and dynamic portfolio of digital solutions, platforms and services brings greater choice, faster time to market and flexibility, to better meet the evolving needs of our customers as they drive growth, transform and take their business to the cloud. Listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, Amdocs had revenue of $4.2 billion in fiscal 2020.
Headquartered in Wuhan, China, DouYu International Holdings Limited is a leading game-centric live streaming platform in China and a pioneer in the eSports value chain. DouYu operates its platform on both PC and mobile apps, through which users can enjoy immersive and interactive games and entertainment live streaming. DouYu's platform brings together a deep pool of top live streamers. By providing a sustainable streamer development system built on advanced technology infrastructure and capabilities, DouYu helps ensure a consistent supply of quality content. Through collaborations with a variety of participants across the eSports value chain, the Company has gained coveted access to a wide variety of premium eSports content, which further attracts viewers and enhances user experience.
DPW Holdings, Inc. is a diversified holding company pursuing growth by acquiring undervalued businesses and disruptive technologies with a global impact. Through its wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries and strategic investments, the Company provides mission-critical products that support a diverse range of industries, including defense/aerospace, industrial, telecommunications, medical, and textiles. In addition, the Company extends credit to select entrepreneurial businesses through a licensed lending subsidiary. DPW?€?s headquarters are located at 201 Shipyard Way, Suite E, Newport Beach, CA 92663; www.DPWHoldings.com.
Domino??s Pizza, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as a pizza delivery company in the United States and internationally. The company operates in three segments: Domestic Stores, Domestic Supply Chain, and International. It offers pizzas under the Domino??s Pizza brand name through company-owned and franchised Domino??s Pizza stores. As of November 18, 2014, the company operated approximately 11,250 stores in approximately 75 international markets. Domino??s Pizza, Inc. was founded in 1960 and is based in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Daqo New Energy Corp. ("Daqo" or the "Company") is a leading manufacturer of high-purity polysilicon for the global solar PV industry. Founded in 2008, the Company is one of the world's lowest cost producers of high-purity polysilicon. Daqo's highly-efficient and technically advanced manufacturing facility in Xinjiang, China currently has a nameplate annual polysilicon production capacity of 70,000 metric tons.
Digirad Corporation is a diversified holding company with three divisions: Healthcare, Building & Construction, and Real Estate & Investments. Healthcare Division (Digirad Health) Digirad Health designs, manufactures, and distributes diagnostic medical imaging products and services. Digirad Health operates in three businesses:?? Diagnostic Imaging, Diagnostic Services, and Mobile Healthcare. The Diagnostic Imaging business designs, manufactures, and sells proprietary solid-state gamma cameras. It also services the installed base of these proprietary cameras. The Diagnostic Services business offers imaging and monitoring services to healthcare providers as an alternative to purchasing equipment or outsourcing procedures. The Mobile Healthcare business provides contract diagnostic imaging, including computerized tomography (?€?CT?€?), magnetic resonance imaging (?€?MRI?€?), positron emission tomography (?€?PET?€?), PET/CT, and nuclear medicine and healthcare expertise through a convenient, mobile service. Building & Construction Division (ATRM) ATRM Holdings, Inc. (?€?ATRM?€?) manufactures modular housing units for commercial and residential real estate projects. ATRM operates in two businesses: (i) modular building manufacturing and (ii) structural wall panel and wood foundation manufacturing, including building supply retail operations. The modular building manufacturing business is operated by KBS Builders, Inc. (?€?KBS?€?), the structural wall panel and wood foundation manufacturing segment is operated by EdgeBuilder, Inc. (?€?EdgeBuilder?€?), and the retail building supplies are sold through Glenbrook Building Supply, Inc. (?€?Glenbrook?€?). KBS, EdgeBuilder, and Glenbrook are wholly-owned subsidiaries of ATRM, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Digirad. Real Estate & Investments Division This business division manages the Company?€?s real estate assets and investments.
Digirad Corp 10 PRF UNDATED USD 10 Ser A
DRDGOLD Limited is engaged in exploring, mining, extracting, processing, and smelting gold deposits in South Africa. The company holds interests in the Ergo, a surface tailings retreatment located approximately 43 miles east of the Johannesburg??s central business district in the province of Gauten. DRDGOLD Limited was founded in 1895 and is based in Roodepoort, South Africa.
Duke Realty Corporation owns and operates approximately 156 million rentable square feet of industrial assets in 20 major U.S. logistics markets. Duke Realty Corporation is publicly traded on the NYSE under the symbol DRE and is a constituent of the S&P 500 Index.
DiamondRock Hospitality Company??is a self-advised real estate investment trust (REIT) that is an owner of a leading portfolio of geographically diversified hotels concentrated in top gateway markets and destination resort locations. The Company owns 31 premium quality hotels with over 10,000 rooms. The Company has strategically positioned its hotels to be operated both under leading global brand families such as Hilton and??Marriott??as well as unique boutique hotels in the lifestyle segment.
Diamondrock Hospitality Company
Darden Restaurants, Inc. is a full service restaurant company. As of May 26, 2013, the Company operated through subsidiaries 2,138 restaurants in the United States and Canada. In the United States, it operated 2,105 restaurants in all 50 states, including 822 Olive Garden, 678 Red Lobster, 430 LongHorn Steakhouse, 49 The Capital Grille, 44 Yard House, 33 Bahama Breeze, 31 Seasons 52, nine Eddie V's Prime Seafood, six test synergy restaurants (which house both a Red Lobster and Olive Garden restaurant in the same building) and three Wildfish Seafood Grille restaurants. As of May 26, 2013, it operated 33 restaurants, including 27 Red Lobster and six Olive Garden restaurants in Canada. Through subsidiaries, the Company owns and operates all of its restaurants in the United States and Canada, except for three restaurants located in Florida and three restaurants in California.
DarioHealth Corp. is a leading global digital therapeutics company revolutionizing how people with chronic conditions manage their health. By delivering evidence-based interventions driven by data, high-quality software, and coaching, we empower individuals to make healthy adjustments to their daily lifestyle choices to improve their overall health. Our cross-functional team operates at the intersection of life sciences, behavioral science, and software technology to deliver highly engaging therapeutic interventions. Dario is one of the highest-rated diabetes solutions in the market, and its consumer-centric MyDario?????mobile app is loved by tens of thousands of members worldwide. DarioHealth is rapidly moving into new chronic conditions and geographic markets, using a performance-based approach to improve members' health?? managing chronic disease.

Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing medicines that are designed to leverage ribonucleic acid interference (RNAi) to selectively silence genes that cause or contribute to disease. Using our proprietary RNAi technology platform called GalXC???, Dicerna is committed to developing RNAi-based therapies with the potential to treat both rare and more prevalent diseases. By silencing disease-causing genes, Dicerna?€?s GalXC platform has the potential to address conditions that are difficult to treat with other modalities. Initially focused on hepatocytes, Dicerna has continued to innovate and is exploring new applications of its RNAi technology beyond the liver, targeting additional tissues and enabling new therapeutic applications. In addition to our own pipeline of core discovery and clinical candidates, Dicerna has established collaborative relationships with some of the world?€?s leading pharmaceutical companies, including Novo Nordisk A/S, Roche, Eli Lilly and Company, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH and Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Between Dicerna and our collaborative partners, we currently have more than 20 active discovery, preclinical or clinical programs focused on rare, cardiometabolic, viral, chronic liver and complement-mediated diseases, as well as neurodegeneration and pain. At Dicerna, our mission is to interfere ?€? to silence genes, to fight disease, to restore heath.
Dril-Quip is a leading manufacturer of highly engineered drilling and production equipment for use onshore and offshore, which is particularly well suited for use in deep-water, harsh environments and severe service applications.
DURECT is a biopharmaceutical company committed to transforming the treatment of acute organ injury and chronic liver diseases by advancing novel and potentially lifesaving therapies based on its endogenous epigenetic regulator program. DUR-928, the company's lead drug candidate is in clinical development for the potential treatment of alcoholic hepatitis (AH), COVID-19 patients with acute liver or kidney injury, and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). DURECT's proprietary drug delivery technologies are designed to enable new indications and enhanced attributes for small-molecule and biologic drugs. One late-stage product candidate in this category is POSIMIR?? (bupivacaine sustained-release solution), an investigational locally-acting, non-opioid analgesic intended to provide up to three days of continuous pain relief after surgery.
Dirtt Environmental Solutions


Drive Shack Inc. Preferred Series B
Drive Shack Inc. Preferred Series C
Drive Shack Inc. Pfd Ser D
Duddell Street Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/2 War)
Descartes (TSX: DSG ) is the global leader in providing on-demand, software-as-a-service solutions focused on improving the productivity, performance and security of logistics-intensive businesses. Customers use our modular, software-as-a-service solutions to route, schedule, track and measure delivery resources; plan, allocate and execute shipments; rate, audit and pay transportation invoices; access global trade data; file customs and security documents for imports and exports; and complete numerous other logistics processes by participating in the world's largest, collaborative multimodal logistics community. Our headquarters are in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada and we have offices and partners around the world.


DSP Group??, Inc. is a global leader in wireless chipsets for a wide range of smart-enabled devices. The company was founded in 1987 on the principles of experience, insight and continuous advancement which enable the company to consistently deliver next-generation solutions in the areas of voice, audio, video and data connectivity. DSP Group, an expert in voice processing, invests heavily in innovation for the smart future and designs leading-edge semiconductor technology that is enabling our customers to develop a new wave of products that bring enhanced user experiences through innovation.
DSS is a multinational company operating businesses focused on brand protection technology, blockchain security, direct marketing, healthcare, real estate, and securitized digital assets. Its business model is based on a distribution sharing system in which shareholders will receive shares in its subsidiaries as DSS strategically spins them out into IPOs. Its historic business revolves around counterfeit deterrent and authentication technologies, smart packaging, and consumer product engagement. DSS is led by its Chairman and largest shareholder, Mr. Fai Chan, a highly successful global business veteran of more than 40 years specializing in corporate transformation while managing risk. He has successfully restructured more than 35 corporations with a combined value of $25 billion.
Diamond S Shipping Inc. owns and operates 66 vessels on the water, including 15 Suezmax vessels, one Aframax and 50 medium-range (MR) product tankers. Diamond S is one of the largest energy shipping companies providing seaborne transportation of crude oil, refined petroleum and other petroleum products.
DUALSTAR TECHNOLOGIES CORP
Deswell manufactures injection-molded plastic parts and components, electronic products and subassemblies, and metallic molds and accessory parts for original equipment manufacturers (?€?OEMs?€?) and contract manufacturers at its factories in the People?€?s Republic of China. The Company produces a wide variety of plastic parts and components used in the manufacture of consumer and industrial products; printed circuit board assemblies using surface mount (?€?SMT?€?) and finished products such as telephones, telephone answering machines, sophisticated studio-quality audio equipment and computer peripherals.
Diana Shipping Inc. is a holding company. The Company is a global provider of shipping transportation services. It specialize in transporting dry bulk cargoes, including such commodities as iron ore, coal, grain and other materials along worldwide shipping routes. The Company's fleet consists of 23 dry bulk carriers, of which 14 are Panamax, one is Post-Panamax and eight are Capesize dry bulk carriers, having a combined carrying capacity of approximately 2.5 million dead weight tons (dwt). As of December 31, 2010, its fleet consisted of 14 modern Panamax dry bulk carriers, one Post-Panamax, eight Capesize dry bulk carriers, and two container vessels, owned by Diana Containerships, that had a combined carrying capacity of approximately 2.6 million dwt, and a weighted average age of 5.4 years, excluding the container vessels owned by Diana Containerships and its Newcastlemax vessels under construction.
Diana Shipping Inc. Perpetual Preferred Shares Series B (Marshall Islands)
Dynatrace Inc
DTE Energy Company
DTE Energy is a??Detroit-based diversified energy company involved in the development and management of energy-related businesses and services nationwide. Its operating units include an electric company serving 2.2 million customers in??Southeast Michigan??and a natural gas company serving 1.3 million customers in??Michigan. The DTE portfolio includes energy businesses focused on power and industrial projects; renewable natural gas; natural gas pipelines, gathering and storage; and energy marketing and trading. As an environmental leader, DTE utility operations will reduce carbon dioxide and methane emissions by more than 80 percent by 2040 to produce cleaner energy while keeping it safe, reliable and affordable. DTE Electric and Gas aspire to achieve net zero carbon and greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. DTE is committed to serving with its energy through volunteerism, education and employment initiatives, philanthropy and economic progress.
DAVIDsTEA is a leading branded retailer and growing mass wholesaler of specialty tea, offering a differentiated selection of proprietary loose-leaf teas, pre-packaged teas, tea sachets and tea-related gifts and accessories on our e-commerce platform at www.davidstea.com and through 18 Company-owned and operated retail stores in Canada. A selection of DAVIDsTEA products is also available in more than 2,500 grocery stores and pharmacies across Canada. The Company is headquartered in Montr??al, Canada.
Precision Biosciences Inc Ordinary Shares

Brookfield DTLA Inc. 7.625% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
DTE Energy Company. Units
Datasea is a technology company in China engaged in providing smart security solutions and developing education-related technologies. Datasea leverages its proprietary technologies, intellectual property, innovative products and market intelligence to provide comprehensive and optimized security solutions and education-related technologies to its clients.
DTE Energy Company 2017 Series E 5.25% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2077

Duke Energy Indiana, a subsidiary of Duke Energy, provides about 6,600 megawatts of owned electric capacity to approximately 840,000 customers in a 23,000-square-mile service area, making it Indiana's largest electric supplier. Duke Energy, a Fortune 150 company headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., is one of the largest energy holding companies in the U.S. It employs 30,000 people and has an electric generating capacity of 51,000 megawatts through its regulated utilities, and 3,000 megawatts through its nonregulated Duke Energy Renewables unit. Duke Energy was named to Fortune's 2020 "World's Most Admired Companies" list, and Forbes' 2019 "America's Best Employers" list.
Duke Energy Corporation Depositary Shares Series A
Duke Energy Corporation 5.625% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2078
Duke Energy Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as an energy company in the United States and Latin America. It operates through three segments: Regulated Utilities, International Energy, and Commercial Power. The Regulated Utilities segment generates, transmits, distributes, and sells electricity in the Carolinas, Florida, Ohio, Kentucky, and Indiana; and transports and sells natural gas in southwestern Ohio and northern Kentucky. This segment owns approximately 50,000 megawatts of generation capacity; and uses coal, hydroelectric, natural gas, oil, and nuclear fuel to generate electricity. It serves approximately 7.3 million retail electric customers in 6 states in the Southeast and Midwest regions of the United States with a service area covering approximately 95,000 square miles; and approximately 500,000 retail natural gas customers in southwestern Ohio and northern Kentucky. This segment is also involved in the wholesale of electricity to incorporated municipalities, electric cooperative utilities, and other load-serving entities. The International Energy segment operates and manages power generation facilities; and markets and sells electric power, natural gas, and natural gas liquids. This segment serves retail distributors, electric utilities, independent power producers, marketers, and industrial and commercial companies. The Commercial Power segment builds, develops, and operates wind and solar renewable generation and energy transmission projects, as well as high voltage power projects. Duke Energy Corporation is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Fangdd Network Group Ltd ADR
DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GRP INC
DaVita is a health care provider focused on transforming care delivery to improve quality of life for patients globally. The company is one of the largest providers of kidney care services in the U.S. and has been a leader in clinical quality and innovation for more than 20 years. Through DaVita Kidney Care, the company treats patients with chronic kidney failure and end stage kidney disease. DaVita is committed to bold, patient-centric care models, implementing the latest technologies and moving toward integrated care offerings for all. Through these efforts, DaVita has also become the largest provider of home dialysis in the country. As of??September 30, 2020, DaVita served 205,300 patients at 2,809 outpatient dialysis centers in??the United States. The company also operated 291 outpatient dialysis centers in nine countries worldwide. DaVita has reduced hospitalizations, improved mortality, and worked collaboratively to propel the kidney care industry to adopt an equitable and high-quality standard of care for all patients, everywhere.
Dynavax is a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing and commercializing novel vaccines. The Company's first commercial product, HEPLISAV-B?? [Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant), Adjuvanted], is approved in the U.S. for prevention of infection caused by all known subtypes of hepatitis B virus in adults age 18 years and older. Dynavax is also advancing CpG 1018 as a premier vaccine adjuvant through global research collaborations and partnerships. Current collaborations are focused on adjuvanted vaccines for COVID-19, pertussis and universal influenza.
Dover Motorsports, Inc. is a promoter of NASCAR sanctioned motorsports events whose subsidiaries own and operate Dover International Speedway in Dover, Del. and Nashville Superspeedway near Nashville, Tenn. The company also plays host to the Firefly Music Festival, produced by AEG Presents.
Devon Energy is a leading independent energy company engaged in finding and producing oil and natural gas. Based in Oklahoma City and included in the S&P 500, Devon operates in several of the most prolific oil and natural gas plays in the U.S. with an emphasis on achieving strong corporate-level returns and capital-efficient cash-flow growth.
Dawson Geophysical Company is a leading provider of U.S. onshore seismic data acquisition services with operations throughout the continental United States and Canada. Dawson acquires and processes 2-D, 3-D and multi-component seismic data solely for its clients, ranging from major oil and gas companies to independent oil and gas operators as well as providers of multi-client data libraries.
Dynex Capital, Inc. is an internally managed real estate investment trust, or REIT, which invests in mortgage assets on a leveraged basis. The Company invests in Agency and non-Agency RMBS, CMBS, and CMBS IO.
Dynex Capital Inc. Preferred Series B
Dynex Capital Inc. FXDFR PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Ser C
DXC Technology helps global companies run their mission critical systems and operations while modernizing IT, optimizing data architectures, and ensuring security and scalability across public, private and hybrid clouds. With decades of driving innovation, the world?€?s largest companies trust DXC to deploy our enterprise technology stack to deliver new levels of performance, competitiveness and customer experiences. Learn more about the DXC story and our focus on people, customers and operational execution at www.dxc.technology.
Dexcom, Inc. empowers people to take control of diabetes through innovative continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) systems. Headquartered in San Diego, California, Dexcom has emerged as a leader of diabetes care technology. By listening to the needs of users, caregivers, and providers, Dexcom simplifies and improves diabetes management around the world.
Dunxin Financial Holdings Limited American Depositary Shares
Destination XL Group, Inc. is the largest retailer of men?€?s clothing in sizes XL and up, with operations throughout the United States as well as in Toronto, Canada. In addition to DXL Big + Tall retail and outlet stores, subsidiaries of Destination XL Group, Inc. also operate Casual Male XL retail and outlet stores, and e-commerce sites, including DXL.com. DXL.com offers a multi-channel solution similar to the DXL store experience with the most extensive selection of online products available anywhere for Big + Tall men. The Company is headquartered in Canton, Massachusetts, and its common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol "DXLG."
DXP Enterprises, Inc. is a leading products and service distributor that adds value and total cost savings solutions to industrial customers throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico and Dubai. DXP provides innovative pumping solutions, supply chain services and maintenance, repair, operating and production ("MROP") services that emphasize and utilize DXP?€?s vast product knowledge and technical expertise in rotating equipment, bearings, power transmission, metal working, industrial supplies and safety products and services. DXP's breadth of MROP products and service solutions allows DXP to be flexible and customer-driven, creating competitive advantages for our customers. DXP?€?s business segments include Service Centers, Innovative Pumping Solutions and Supply Chain Services.
Daxor Corporation is the global leader in blood volume measurement technology focused on blood volume testing innovation. We developed and market the BVA-100 ?? (Blood Volume Analyzer), the first diagnostic blood test cleared by the FDA to provide safe, accurate, objective quantification of blood volume status and composition compared to patient-specific norms. The BVA technology enhances hospital performance metrics in a broad range of surgical and medical conditions, including heart failure and critical care, by informing treatment strategies, resulting in significantly improved multiple measures of patient outcomes. Daxor's mission is to advance healthcare by enabling optimal fluid management with blood volume analysis. Daxor?€?s vision is optimal blood volume for all.
The Dixie Group ( www.thedixiegroup.com ) is a leading marketer and manufacturer of carpet and rugs to higher-end residential and commercial customers through the Fabrica International, Masland Carpets, Dixie Home, Atlas | Masland Contract, and Dixie International brands.
Dycom is a leading provider of specialty contracting services throughout the United States. These services include program management; planning; engineering and design; aerial, underground, and wireless construction; maintenance; and fulfillment services for telecommunications providers. Additionally, Dycom provides underground facility locating services for various utilities, including telecommunications providers, and other construction and maintenance services for electric and gas utilities.
Dyadic International, Inc. is a global biotechnology company which is developing what it believes will be a potentially significant biopharmaceutical gene expression platform based on the fungus Thermothelomyces heterothallica (formerly Myceliophthora thermophila), named C1. The C1 microorganism, which enables the development and large scale manufacture of low-cost proteins, has the potential to be further developed into a safe and efficient expression system that may help speed up the development, lower production costs and improve the performance of biologic vaccines and drugs at flexible commercial scales. Dyadic is using the C1 technology and other technologies to conduct research, development and commercial activities for the development and manufacturing of human and animal vaccines and drugs, such as virus like particles (VLPs) and antigens, monoclonal antibodies, Fab antibody fragments, Fc-Fusion proteins, biosimilars and/or biobetters, and other therapeutic proteins. Certain other research activities are ongoing which include the exploration of using C1 to develop and produce certain metabolites and other biologic products. Dyadic pursues research and development collaborations, licensing arrangements and other commercial opportunities with its partners and collaborators to leverage the value and benefits of these technologies in development and manufacture of biopharmaceuticals. In particular, as the aging population grows in developed and undeveloped countries, Dyadic believes the C1 technology may help bring biologic vaccines, drugs and other biologic products to market faster, in greater volumes, at lower cost, and with new properties to drug developers and manufacturers, and improve access and cost to patients and the healthcare system, but most importantly save lives.
Angel Oak Dynamic Financial Strategies Income Term Trust of Beneficial Interest
Dyne Therapeutics Inc
Dynatronics Corporation (Dynatronics) is engaged in the distribution and marketing of physical medicine and aesthetic products many of, which the Company designs and manufactures. The products are of two categories: physical medicine products and aesthetic products. Dynatronics manufactures and distributes a line of medical equipment for physical medicine applications, including therapy devices, medical supplies and soft goods, treatment tables and rehabilitation equipment. Dynatronics's products are used primarily by physical therapists, chiropractors, sports medicine practitioners, podiatrists, physicians and other physical medicine professionals. Dynatronics also manufactures and distributes a line of aesthetic equipment, including aesthetic massage and microdermabrasion devices, as well as skin care products. These products are used by aestheticians, plastic surgeons, dermatologists and other aesthetic services providers.
Dasan Zhone Solutions, Inc. is a global provider of leading-edge access, 5G transport, and enterprise communications platforms that enable the emerging hyper-connected, hyper-broadband world. Over 1200 service providers, operators, and enterprises in over 120 countries globally have leveraged DZS innovation, open solutions, and agility to arm themselves with the network resources and deployment freedom they need to lead in their markets and deliver an unrivaled communications experience. With manufacturing based in the USA and Germany, and engineering, service and support centers of excellence spread across the globe, DZS is positioned to bring next-generation technologies and world-class solutions to service providers and enterprises who are poised to transform, compete and win. DASAN Zhone Solutions, the DZS logo, and all DZS product names are trademarks of DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. Other brand and product names are trademarks of their respective holders. Specifications, products, and/or product names are all subject to change.
Historical stock prices for Exlservice Holdings (E). Eni SpA is an Italian multinational oil and gas company. It operates though seven segments. The Refining & Marketing segment focuses on refining and marketing of petroleum products. The Eni Trading segment covers group services in commodity trading, shipping and derivatives. The Petrochemicals segment covers the production and sale of petrochemical products. The Engineering & Construction segment includes the services for the oil and gas industry. The Exploration & Production segment focuses on exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas. The Gas & Power segment covers the supply, regasification, transport, storage, distribution and marketing of natural gas, power generation and electricity sales. The Other Activities segment handles the corporate, financial and service components. It sells its products to 85 countries worldwide. As of December 31, 2011, it operated through numerous subsidiaries and affiliates located in Nigeria, Poland, and Germany, among others.
Electronic Arts is a global leader in digital interactive entertainment. The Company develops and delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, mobile devices and personal computers. In fiscal year 2020, EA posted GAAP net revenue of $5.5 billion. Headquartered in Redwood City, California, EA is recognized for a portfolio of critically acclaimed, high-quality brands such as EA SPORTS??? FIFA, Battlefield???, Apex Legends???, The Sims???, Madden NFL, Need for Speed???, Titanfall??? and Plants vs. Zombies???.
GrafTech International Ltd

Eargo Inc
Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT is a mortgage real estate investment trust that specializes in acquiring, investing in and managing residential mortgage- and real estate-related assets, with a primary focus on residential mortgage-backed securities for which the principal and interest payments are guaranteed by a U.S. government agency or a U.S. government-sponsored enterprise. Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT is externally managed and advised by Ellington Residential Mortgage Management LLC, an affiliate of Ellington Management Group, L.L.C.
Auris Medical is a clinical-stage company dedicated to developing therapeutics that address important unmet medical needs in neurotology, rhinology and allergy and CNS disorders. The Company is focused on the development of intranasal betahistine for the treatment of vertigo (AM-125, in Phase 2) and for the prevention of antipsychotic-induced weight gain and somnolence (AM-201, post Phase 1b). With AM-301, the Company is developing a nasal spray for protection against airborne pathogens and allergens. In addition, Auris Medical has two Phase 3 programs under development: Sonsuvi?? (AM-111) for acute inner ear hearing loss and Keyzilen?? (AM-101) for acute inner ear tinnitus. The Company was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda with its main operations in Basel, Switzerland.
Eastside Distilling Inc
Brinker International, Inc. (Brinker) owns, develops, operates and franchises the Chili's Grill & Bar (Chili's) and Maggiano's Little Italy (Maggiano's) restaurant brands. As of June 27, 2013 (fiscal 2013), the Company's system of Company-owned and franchised restaurants included 1,591 restaurants located in 50 states, and Washington, D.C. It also has restaurants in the Bahrain, Brazil, Canada, Columbia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Germany, Guatemala, Honduras, India, Indonesia, Japan, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Malaysia, Mexico, Oman, Peru, Philippines, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Korea, Syria, Taiwan, United Arab Emirates and Venezuela.
Eventbrite is a global self-service ticketing and experience technology platform that serves a community of nearly one million event creators in over 180 countries. Since inception, Eventbrite has been at the center of the experience economy, transforming the way people organize and attend events. The company was founded by Julia Hartz, Kevin Hartz and Renaud Visage, with a vision to build a self-service platform that would make it possible for anyone to create and sell tickets to live experiences. The Eventbrite platform provides an intuitive, secure, and reliable service that enables creators to plan and execute their live and online events, whether it?€?s an annual culinary festival attracting thousands of foodies, a professional webinar, a weekly yoga workshop or a youth dance class. With over 300 million tickets distributed to more than 4 million experiences in 2019, Eventbrite is where people all over the world discover new things to do or new ways to do more of what they love.
eBay Inc. is a global commerce leader that connects millions of buyers and sellers around the world. We exist to enable economic opportunity for individuals, entrepreneurs, businesses and organizations of all sizes. Our portfolio of brands includes eBay Marketplace and eBay Classifieds Group, operating in 190 markets around the world.

Eastern Bankshares, Inc. is the stock holding company for Eastern Bank. Founded in 1818, Boston-based Eastern Bank has more than 110 locations serving communities in eastern Massachusetts, southern and coastal New Hampshire, and Rhode Island. As of June 30, 2020, Eastern Bank had approximately $14.0 billion in total assets. Eastern provides banking, investment and insurance products and services for consumers and businesses of all sizes, including through its Eastern Wealth Management division and its Eastern Insurance Group subsidiary. Eastern takes pride in its outspoken advocacy and community support that has exceeded $140 million in charitable giving since 1999. An inclusive company, Eastern employs 1,800+ deeply committed professionals who value relationships with their customers, colleagues, and communities.
Founded in 1909, the Company is one of the largest private-label printed business product suppliers in the United States. Headquartered in Midlothian, Texas, Ennis has production and distribution facilities strategically located throughout the USA to serve the Company?€?s national network of distributors. Ennis manufactures and sells business forms, other printed business products, printed and electronic media, integrated forms and labels, presentation products, flex-o-graphic printing, advertising specialties and Post-it?? Notes, internal bank forms, plastic cards, secure and negotiable documents, specialty packaging, direct mail, envelopes, tags and labels and other custom products.
With 50+ offices across 6 continents, Ebix, Inc., endeavors to provide On-Demand software and E-commerce services to the insurance, financial, healthcare and e-learning industries. In the Insurance sector, Ebix?€?s main focus is to develop and deploy a wide variety of insurance and reinsurance exchanges on an on-demand basis, while also, providing Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS") enterprise solutions in the area of CRM, front-end & back-end systems, outsourced administration and risk compliance services, around the world. With a "Phygital?€? strategy that combines 320,000 physical distribution outlets in many Southeast Asian Nations (?€?ASEAN?€?) countries, to an Omni-channel online digital platform, the Company?€?s EbixCash Financial exchange portfolio encompasses leadership in areas of domestic & international money remittance, foreign exchange (Forex), travel, pre-paid & gift cards, utility payments, lending, wealth management etc. in India and other markets. EbixCash?€?s Forex operations have emerged as a leader in India?€?s airport Foreign Exchange business with operations in 32 international airports including Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai and Kolkata, conducting over $4.8 billion in gross transaction value per year. EbixCash?€?s inward remittance business in India conducts approx. $6.5 billion gross annual remittance business, confirming its undisputed leadership position in India. EbixCash, through its travel portfolio of Via and Mercury, is also one of Southeast Asia?€?s leading travel exchanges with over 2,200+ employees, 212,450+ agent network, 25 branches and over 9,800 corporate clients; processing an estimated $2.5 billion in gross merchandise value per year.
Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. is a bank holding company headquartered in Helena, Montana and is the holding company of Opportunity Bank of Montana, a community bank established in 1922 that serves consumers and small businesses in Montana through 23 banking offices.
Ebang International Holdings Inc. is a leading application-specific integrated circuit ASIC chip design company and a leading manufacturer of high-performance Bitcoin mining machines. The Company has strong ASIC chip design capability underpinned by nearly a decade of industry experience and expertise in the telecommunications business. The Company is one of the few fabless integrated circuit design companies with the advanced technology to independently design ASIC chips, established access to third-party wafer foundry capacity and a proven in-house capability to produce blockchain products*. The Company was also a leading Bitcoin mining machine producer in the global market in terms of computing power sold in 2019*.
Centrais El??tricas Brasileiras S.A. ?? Eletrobr??s, together with its subsidiaries, generates, transmits, and distributes electricity in Brazil. It projects, builds, and operates generating power plants, and electric power transmission and distribution lines. As of December 31, 2013, it owned and operated 33 hydroelectric plants; 124 thermal plants, including coal and oil power generation units with an installed capacity of 4,556 Megawatts (MW); and 2 nuclear power plants with an installed capacity of 1,990 MW. The company also operates 64,400 km of transmission lines and 6 power distributors that serve approximately 3.8 million consumers. In addition, it operates as an electricity trading agent. Centrais El??tricas Brasileiras S.A. ?? Eletrobr??s was founded in 1962 and is headquartered in Bras??lia, Brazil.
Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras S/A Pfd. ADS
Emergent BioSolutions is a global life sciences company whose mission is to protect and enhance life. Through our specialty products and contract development and manufacturing services, we are dedicated to providing solutions that address public health threats. Through social responsibility, we aim to build healthier and safer communities. We aspire to deliver peace of mind to our patients and customers so they can focus on what?€?s most important in their lives. In working together, we envision protecting or enhancing 1 billion lives by 2030.
Meridian Interstate Bancorp, Inc. is a mid-tier stock holding company of East Boston Savings Bank (the Bank).The Bank is a state-chartered stock savings bank that operates from 24 full-service locations and two loan centers in the Boston metropolitan area. East Boston Savings Bank operates eight of its full-service locations and a loan center under the name Mt. Washington Bank, a division of East Boston Savings Bank. The Bank offers a variety of deposit and loan products to individuals and businesses located in its primary market, which consists of Suffolk, Middlesex and Essex Counties, Massachusetts. The Bank operates as a community-oriented financial institution offering financial services to consumers and businesses. The Company also offers non-deposit financial products through a third-party network arrangement. As of December 31, 2011, Meridian Financial Services, Incorporated owned 59.4% interest of the Company.
Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. is a Massachusetts corporation that conducts substantially all of its operations through Enterprise Bank and Trust Company, commonly referred to as Enterprise Bank. Enterprise Bank is principally engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public and investing in commercial loans and investment securities. Through Enterprise Bank and its subsidiaries, the Company offers a range of commercial, residential and consumer loan products, deposit products and cash management services, electronic and digital banking options, and commercial insurance services, as well as wealth management, wealth services and trust services. The Company?€?s headquarters and Enterprise Bank?€?s main office are located at 222 Merrimack Street in Lowell, Massachusetts. The Company?€?s primary market area is the Greater Merrimack Valley, Nashoba Valley, and North Central regions of Massachusetts and Southern New Hampshire (Southern Hillsborough and Rockingham counties). Enterprise Bank has 25 full-service branches located in the Massachusetts communities of Lowell (2), Acton, Andover, Billerica (2), Chelmsford (2), Dracut, Fitchburg, Lawrence, Leominster, Lexington, Methuen, Tewksbury (2), Tyngsborough and Westford and in the New Hampshire communities of Derry, Hudson, Nashua (2), Pelham, Salem and Windham. The Company is also in the process of establishing a branch office in North Andover, Massachusetts and anticipates that this location will open as planned in the second half of 2020.
Ecopetrol SA is a Colombia-based holding company engaged in the development of commercial or industrial activities related to the exploration, exploitation, refining, transportation, storage and distribution of hydrocarbons and its by-products. The Company divides its operations into four business segments: Exploration and Production; Transportation and Logistics; Refining, Petrochemiclas and Biofuels; and Supply and Marketing. The Company's range of products include such commodities as middle distillates, gasoline, natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), propane, asphalts and crude oils, among others. The Company owns such subsidiaries as Andean Chemicals Ltd, Hocol Petroleum Limited, Ecopetrol Transportation Company, Ecopetrol Global Energy SL and Equion Energia Limited, among others.

Eagle Point Credit Company Inc. 6.6875% Notes due 2028
Eagle Point Credit Company Inc. 6.75% Notes due 2027
Echo Global Logistics, Inc. is a leading Fortune 1000 provider of technology-enabled transportation and supply chain management services. Headquartered in Chicago with more than 30 offices around the country, Echo offers freight brokerage and Managed Transportation solutions for all major modes, including truckload, partial truckload, LTL, intermodal, and expedited. Echo maintains a proprietary, web-based technology platform that compiles and analyzes data from its network of over 50,000 transportation providers to serve 35,000 clients across a wide range of industries and simplify the critical tasks involved in transportation management.
A trusted partner at nearly three million commercial customer locations, Ecolab is the global leader in water, hygiene and infection prevention solutions and services. With annual sales of $13 billion and more than 45,000 associates, Ecolab delivers comprehensive solutions, data-driven insights and personalized service to advance food safety, maintain clean and safe environments, optimize water and energy use, and improve operational efficiencies and sustainability for customers in the food, healthcare, hospitality and industrial markets in more than 170 countries around the world. www.ecolab.com Follow us on Twitter @ecolab, Facebook at facebook.com/ecolab, LinkedIn at Ecolab or Instagram at Ecolab Inc. (ECL-P) i Efficacy studies for disinfection of Staphylococcus aureus and Pseudomonas aeruginosa biofilms were submitted to the EPA to achieve this claim ii Carling PC. Wastewater drains: epidemiology and interventions in 23 carbapenem-resistant organism outbreaks. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol. 2018 Aug;39(8):972-979. doi: 10.1017/ice.2018.138. Epub 2018 Jun 28. Review. PubMed PMID: 29950189. iii BW, Graham MB, Lindmair-Snell J, et al. The relevance of sink proximity to toilets on the detection of Klebsiella pneumoniae carbapenemase inside sink drains. Am J Infect Control 2019;47:98?€?100. iv Kizny Gordon AE, Mathers AJ, Cheong EYL, et al. The hospital water environment as a reservoir for carbapenem-resistant organisms causing hospital-acquired infections?€?a systematic review of the literature. Clin Infect Dis 2017;64:1435?€?1444. v Buchan BW, Arvan JA, Graham MB, Tarima S, Faron ML, Nanchal R, Munoz-Price LS. Effectiveness of a hydrogen peroxide foam against bleach for the disinfection of sink drains. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol. 2019 Jun;40(6):724-726. doi:10.1017/ice.2019.72. Epub 2019 Apr 17. PubMed PMID: 30992089. vi Buchan, Blake & Arvan, Jennifer & Graham, Mary & Tarima, Sergey & Faron, Matthew & Nanchal, Rahul & Munoz-Price, L. Silvia. (2019). Effectiveness of a hydrogen peroxide foam against bleach for the disinfection of sink drains. Infection Control & Hospital Epidemiology. 40. 1-3. 10.1017/ice.2019.72. vii Jones, L., Mana, T., Cadnum, J., Jencson, A., Silva, S., Wilson, B., & Donskey, C. (n.d.). Effectiveness of foam disinfectants in reducing sink-drain gram-negative bacterial colonization. Infection Control & Hospital Epidemiology, 1-6. doi:10.1017/ice.2019.32 viii Claims valid when used in accordance with directions for use on hard, non-porous surfaces ix Virasept meets criteria for claims against emerging viral pathogens and therefore can be used against COVID-19 when used in accordance with the directions for use against the listed supporting virus on hard, non-porous surfaces.
US Ecology Inc is active within the sphere of waste management in the United States. The company operates in two segments namely Environmental services and Field and industrial services. It generates a majority of revenue from the Environmental Services.
US Ecology Inc. Warrants 17102023
ChannelAdvisor is a leading e-commerce cloud platform whose mission is to connect and optimize the world's commerce. For nearly two decades, ChannelAdvisor has helped brands and retailers worldwide improve their online performance by expanding sales channels, connecting with consumers, optimizing their operations for peak performance, and providing actionable analytics to improve competitiveness. Thousands of customers depend on ChannelAdvisor to securely power their sales and optimize fulfillment on channels such as Amazon, eBay, Google, Facebook, Walmart, and hundreds more.
electroCore, Inc. is a commercial-stage bioelectronic medicine company dedicated to improving patient outcomes through its platform non-invasive vagus nerve stimulation therapy initially focused on the treatment of multiple conditions in neurology. The company?€?s current indications are the preventative treatment of cluster headache and migraine and acute treatment of migraine and episodic cluster headache.
Encore Capital Group is an international specialty finance company that provides debt recovery solutions and other related services across a broad range of financial assets. Through its subsidiaries around the globe, Encore purchases or services portfolios of receivables from major banks, credit unions and utility providers. Headquartered in San Diego, Encore is a publicly traded NASDAQ Global Select company (ticker symbol: ECPG) and a component stock of the Russell 2000, the S&P Small Cap 600 and the Wilshire 4500.
Consolidated Edison, Inc. (Con Edison) is a holding company, which owns Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. (CECONY), which delivers electricity, natural gas and steam to customers in New York City and Westchester County; Orange and Rockland Utilities, Inc. (O&R) (together with CECONY referred to as the Utilities), which delivers electricity and natural gas to customers primarily located in southeastern New York, and northern New Jersey and northeastern Pennsylvania, and competitive energy businesses, which provide retail and wholesale electricity supply and energy services. CECONY's business operations are its regulated electric, gas and steam delivery businesses. O&R's business operations are its regulated electric and gas delivery businesses. In July 2012, Consolidated Edison Development, a wholly owned subsidiary of Con Edison, and GCL Solar Energy Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of GCL-Poly Energy Holdings Limited, acquired two solar photovoltaic projects.
A recognized leader in the global therapeutic ultrasound market,??EDAP TMS??develops, manufactures, promotes and distributes worldwide minimally invasive medical devices for various pathologies using ultrasound technology. By combining the latest technologies in imaging and treatment modalities in its complete range of Robotic HIFU devices,??EDAP TMS??introduced the Focal One?? in??Europe??and in the U.S. as an answer to all requirements for ideal prostate tissue ablation. With the addition of the ExactVu??? Micro-Ultrasound device, EDAP TMS is now the only company offering a complete solution from diagnostics to focal treatment of Prostate Cancer. EDAP TMS also produces and distributes other medical equipment including the Sonolith?? i-move lithotripter and lasers for the treatment of urinary tract stones using extra-corporeal shockwave lithotripsy (ESWL).
As a leading genome editing company, Editas Medicine is focused on translating the power and potential of the CRISPR/Cas9 and CRISPR/Cas12a (also known as Cpf1) genome editing systems into a robust pipeline of treatments for people living with serious diseases around the world. Editas Medicine aims to discover, develop, manufacture, and commercialize transformative, durable, precision genomic medicines for a broad class of diseases.
Empresa Distribuidora y Comercializadora Norte SA (EDENOR) is an Argentina-based company engaged, together with its fully consolidated subsidiaries Aeseba SA (AESEBA) and Empresa Distribuidora Electrica Regional SA (EMDERSA), in the distribution of electric power. The Company operates in a concession area, which comprises several municipalities of the Greater Buenos Aires metropolitan area. On April 5, 2013 it has completed the sale of a 100% stake in AESEBA SA to Servicios Electricos Norte BA SL (Servicios). On October 30, 2013, the Company completed the sale of an indirect stake the Company had held in Empresa Distribuidora Electrica Regional SA (EMDERSA), a parent company of Empresa Distribuidora de Electricidad de La Rioja (EDELAR), to Energia Riojana SA.
The Fund invests at least 80% of its total assets, plus borrowings for investments purposes (if any), in the securities of the Underlying Index and in American Depositary Receipts ("ADRs") and Global Depositary Receipts ("GDRs") based on the securities in the Underlying Index. The Fund's 80% investment policy is non-fundamental and requires 60 days prior written notice to shareholders before it can be changed.The Underlying Index is designed to provide exposure to exchange-listed companies that are positioned to benefit from further advances in the field of telemedicine and digital health, as well as applications thereof (collectively, "Telemedicine & Digital Health Companies"), as defined by Solactive AG, the provider of the Underlying Index (the "Index Provider"). In order to be eligible for inclusion in the Underlying Index, a company is considered by the Index Provider to be a Telemedicine & Digital Health Company if it derives at least 50% of its revenue, operating income, or assets from telemedicine and/or digital health.  Telemedicine & Digital Health Companies include those involved in the following business activities: (i) telemedicine, (ii) healthcare analytics, (iii) connected healthcare devices, and/or (iv) administrative digitization.In constructing the Underlying Index, the Index Provider first applies a proprietary natural language processing algorithm to the eligible universe, which seeks to identify and rank companies with direct exposure to the telemedicine and digital health industry based on filings, disclosures and other public information (e.g. regulatory filings, earnings transcripts, etc.). The highest ranking companies identified by the natural language processing algorithm, as of the selection date, are further reviewed by the Index Provider to confirm they derive at least 50% of their revenues, operating income, or assets from the following business activities: i.Telemedicine: Companies that connect physicians and patients digitally, facilitating a range of medical activities that include diagnosis, treatment, and medication management, as well as offering online pharmaceutical services, and/or providing internet healthcare platforms. ii.Healthcare Analytics: Companies that collect, produce, utilize, and/or store data for healthcare related statistical and/or computational analyses, including artificial intelligence analyses and cloud-based analytics platforms. iii.Connected Healthcare Devices: Companies that develop healthcare devices which automatically transmit data and results to patients and/or physicians to assist in real-time, dynamic patient treatment and preventative care.iv.Administrative Digitization: Companies that enhance healthcare provider management processes including patient intake, staffing solutions, revenue/billing cycle management, digital healthcare security, as well as doctor/hospital search, booking and/or rating services for patient use. The eligible universe of the Underlying Index includes exchange-listed companies that meet minimum market capitalization and liquidity criteria, as defined by the Index Provider. As of July 1, 2020, companies must have a minimum market capitalization of $200 million and a minimum average daily turnover for the last 6 months greater than or equal to $2 million in order to be eligible for inclusion in the Underlying Index. As of July 1, 2020, companies listed in the following countries were eligible for inclusion in the Underlying Index: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, the United Kingdom, and the United States.The Underlying Index is weighted according to a modified capitalization weighting methodology and is reconstituted and re-weighted semi-annually. Modified capitalization weighting seeks to weight constituents primarily based on market capitalization, but subject to caps on the weights of the individual securities. Generally speaking, this approach will limit the amount of concentration in the largest market capitalization companies and increase company-level diversification. The Underlying Index may include large-, mid- or small-capitalization companies, and components primarily include healthcare companies.  As of July 1, 2020, the Underlying Index had 40 constituents. The Fund's investment objective and Underlying Index may be changed without shareholder approval.The Underlying Index is sponsored by the Index Provider, which is an organization that is independent of the Fund and Global X Management Company LLC, the investment adviser for the Fund ("Adviser").  The Index Provider determines the relative weightings of the securities in the Underlying Index and publishes information regarding the market value of the Underlying Index.The Adviser uses a "passive" or indexing approach to try to achieve the Fund's investment objective. Unlike many investment companies, the Fund does not try to outperform the Underlying Index and does not seek temporary defensive positions when markets decline or appear overvalued.The Fund generally will use a replication strategy. A replication strategy is an indexing strategy that involves investing in the securities of the Underlying Index in approximately the same proportions as in the Underlying Index. However, the Fund may utilize a representative sampling strategy with respect to the Underlying Index when a replication strategy might be detrimental or disadvantageous to shareholders, such as when there are practical difficulties or substantial costs involved in compiling a portfolio of equity securities to replicate the Underlying Index, in instances in which a security in the Underlying Index becomes temporarily illiquid, unavailable or less liquid, or as a result of legal restrictions or limitations (such as tax diversification requirements) that apply to the Fund but not the Underlying Index.The Adviser expects that, over time, the correlation between the Fund's performance and that of the Underlying Index, before fees and expenses, will exceed 95%. A correlation percentage of 100% would indicate perfect correlation. If the Fund uses a replication strategy, it can be expected to have greater correlation to the Underlying Index than if it uses a representative sampling strategy.The Fund concentrates its investments (i.e., holds 25% or more of its total assets) in a particular industry or group of industries to approximately the same extent that the Underlying Index is concentrated. As of July 1, 2020, the Underlying Index was concentrated in the healthcare technology industry and had significant exposure to the healthcare sector.
EuroDry Ltd. was formed on January 8, 2018 under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands to consolidate the drybulk fleet of Euroseas Ltd. into a separate listed public company. EuroDry was spun-off from Euroseas Ltd on May 30, 2018; it trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the ticker EDRY. EuroDry operates in the dry cargo, drybulk shipping market. EuroDry's operations are managed by Eurobulk Ltd., an ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 14001:2004 certified affiliated ship management company and Eurobulk (Far East) Ltd. Inc., which are responsible for the day-to-day commercial and technical management and operations of the vessels. EuroDry employs its vessels on spot and period charters and under pool agreements. The Company has a fleet of 7 vessels, including 4 Panamax drybulk carriers, 1 Ultramax drybulk carrier and 2 Kamsarmax drybulk carriers. EuroDry?€?s 7 drybulk carriers have a total cargo capacity of 528,931 dwt.
Based north of Los Angeles at the Port of Hueneme, Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc. is the leader in sustainable manufacture of Keyhole Limpet Hemocyanin (KLH), an immune-stimulating protein utilized as a carrier molecule in therapeutic vaccine pipelines (targeting cancers, immune disorders, Alzheimer's and inflammatory diseases) and for assessing immune system function. KLH can also be used in immunotoxicology studies for monitoring the immunomodulatory effects of drug candidates. Stellar is committed to meeting the growing demand for commercial-scale supplies of GMP grade KLH, ensuring environmentally sound KLH production, and supporting the development of KLH-based active immunotherapies. Stellar KLH is a trademark of Stellar Biotechnologies. Follow Stellar: LinkedIn | Twitter | Facebook Important Information and Where to Find It Stellar has filed a definitive proxy statement with the SEC in connection with the solicitation of proxies for its 2019 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and has mailed the definitive proxy statement to its shareholders. At the Annual Meeting, Stellar's shareholders will be asked to approve, among other things, a proposal for the issuance of its common shares in the proposed transaction with Edesa. STELLAR'S SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ STELLAR'S DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT IN CONNECTION WITH ITS SOLICITATION OF PROXIES FOR ITS ANNUAL MEETING AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT STELLAR, EDESA, AND THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Shareholders may obtain, free of charge, copies of the definitive proxy statement and any other documents filed by Stellar with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction at the SEC's website ( http://www.sec.gov ), at Stellar's website or by writing to the Corporate Secretary at Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc., 332 E. Scott Street, Port Hueneme, California 93041. This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. Participants in Solicitation Stellar, Edesa, and certain of their directors and executive officers may become or be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Stellar's shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction. Additional information regarding persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of Stellar's shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction, and who have interests, whether as security holders, directors or employees of Stellar or Edesa or otherwise, which may be different from those of Stellar's shareholders generally, have been provided in the proxy statement and other materials filed with the SEC. Additional information regarding Stellar's directors' and executive officers' respective interests in Stellar by security holdings or otherwise is set forth in Stellar's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2018 as filed with the SEC on November 30, 2018.
Skillful Craftsman Education Technology Ltd Ord
New Oriental is the largest provider of private educational services in China offering a wide range of educational programs, services and products to a varied student population throughout China. New Oriental's program, service and product offerings consist of K-12 after-school tutoring, test preparation, language training for adults, pre-school education, primary and secondary school education, education materials and distribution, online education, and other services. New Oriental's ADSs, each of which represents one common share, currently trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "EDU."
EDC is a publishing company specializing in books for children. EDC is the exclusive United States trade co-publisher of the line of educational children?€?s books produced in the United Kingdom by Usborne Publishing Limited (?€?Usborne?€?) and we also exclusively publish books through our ownership of Kane Miller Book Publisher (?€?Kane Miller?€?); both international award-winning publishers of children?€?s books. EDC?€?s current catalog contains over 2,000 titles, with new additions semi-annually. Both Usborne and Kane Miller products are sold via 4,000 retail outlets and by independent consultants, who hold book showings in individual homes, book fairs with school and public libraries as well as sales over the internet. Contact: Educational Development Corporation Randall White, (918) 622-4522 Cautionary Statement for the Purpose of the ?€?Safe Harbor?€? Provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
DELISTED - EDUTREK INT INC
Euronet USA, LLC, headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas, USA, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Euronet Worldwide, Inc., a U.S. based company. Euronet Worldwide is an industry leader in processing secure electronic financial transactions, offering payment and transaction processing solutions to financial institutions, retailers, service providers, and individual consumers. Euronet serves clients in approximately 170 countries.
Emerald is a leader in building dynamic, market-driven business-to-business platforms that integrate live events with a broad array of industry insights, digital tools, and data-focused solutions to create uniquely rich experiences. As true partners, we at Emerald strive to build our customers?€? businesses by creating opportunities that inspire, amaze, and deliver breakthrough results. With over 140 events each year, our teams are creators and connectors who are thoroughly immersed in the industries we serve and committed to supporting the communities in which we operate.
Ellington Financial invests in a diverse array of financial assets, including residential and commercial mortgage loans, residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, consumer loans and asset-backed securities backed by consumer loans, collateralized loan obligations, non-mortgage and mortgage-related derivatives, equity investments in loan origination companies, and other strategic investments. Ellington Financial is externally managed and advised by Ellington Financial Management LLC, an affiliate of Ellington Management Group, L.L.C.
SPDR S&P 500 ESG
Energy Focus is an industry-leading innovator of sustainable LED lighting and lighting control technologies. As the creator of the first flicker-free LED products on the U.S. market, Energy Focus products provide extensive energy and maintenance savings, as well as aesthetics, safety, health, and sustainability benefits over conventional lighting. Our patent-pending EnFocus??? lighting control platform enables existing and new buildings to provide quality, convenient and affordable dimmable and color tunable Human-Centric Lighting (HCL). Our customers include U.S. and foreign navies, U.S. federal, state and local governments, healthcare, and educational institutions, as well as Fortune 500 companies. Since 2007, Energy Focus has installed approximately 900,000 lighting products across the U.S. Navy fleet, including TLEDs, waterline security lights, explosion-proof globes, and berth lights, saving more than five million gallons of fuel and 300,000 man-hours in lighting maintenance annually. Energy Focus is headquartered in Solon, Ohio.
Enterprise Financial Services Corp, is an $8.4 billion financial holding company headquartered in Clayton, Missouri. Enterprise Bank & Trust operates 34 branch offices in St. Louis, Kansas City, Phoenix and New Mexico. Enterprise Bank & Trust offers a range of business and personal banking services, and wealth management services. Enterprise Trust, a division of Enterprise Bank & Trust, provides financial planning, estate planning, investment management, and trust services to businesses, individuals, institutions, retirement plans and non-profit, organizations.
At Equifax, we believe knowledge drives progress. As a global data, analytics, and technology company, we play an essential role in the global economy by helping financial institutions, companies, employees, and government agencies make critical decisions with greater confidence. Our unique blend of differentiated data, analytics, and cloud technology drives insights to power decisions to move people forward. Headquartered in Atlanta and supported by more than 11,000 employees worldwide, Equifax operates or has investments in 25 countries in North America, Central and South America, Europe, and the Asia Pacific region.
eGain customer engagement platform automates digital-first, omnichannel experiences across all touch points. Powered by AI, machine learning, knowledge and analytics, our top-rated software optimizes customer journeys with virtual assistance, messaging hub and desktop to serve customers, reduce cost and improve compliance.
Eagle Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for EagleBank, which commenced operations in 1998. EagleBank is headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, and conducts full service commercial banking through 20 offices, located in Suburban, Maryland, Washington, D.C. and Northern Virginia. EagleBank focuses on building relationships with businesses, professionals and individuals in its marketplace. EagleBank Contact Vikki Kayne, Chief Marketing Officer 301.986.1800 A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/2c2bf71f-d5a3-474a-98ac-4576a05c113b
8x8, Inc. is transforming the future of business communications as a leading Software-as-a-Service provider of voice, video, chat, contact center, and enterprise-class API solutions powered by one global cloud communications platform. 8x8 empowers workforces worldwide to connect individuals and teams so they can collaborate faster and work smarter. Real-time business analytics and intelligence provide businesses unique insights across all interactions and channels so they can delight end-customers and accelerate their business.
Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc. (?€?Eagle?€? or the ?€?Company?€?) is a U.S. based fully integrated shipowner-operator providing global transportation solutions to a diverse group of customers including miners, producers, traders, and end users. Headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, with offices in Singapore and Copenhagen, Denmark, Eagle focuses exclusively on the versatile mid-size drybulk vessel segment and owns one of the largest fleets of Supramax/Ultramax vessels in the world. The Company performs all management services in-house (including: strategic, commercial, operational, technical, and administrative) and employs an active management approach to fleet trading with the objective of optimizing revenue performance and maximizing earnings on a risk-managed basis.
Eldorado is a gold and base metals producer with mining, development and exploration operations in Turkey, Canada, Greece, Romania, and Brazil. The Company has a highly skilled and dedicated workforce, safe and responsible operations, a portfolio of high-quality assets, and long-term partnerships with local communities. Eldorado's common shares trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX: ELD) and the New York Stock Exchange.
NIC is a leading digital government solutions and payments company, serving more than 7,000 federal, state and local government agencies across the nation. With headquarters in Olathe, Kan., NIC partners with the majority of U.S. states, including South Carolina, to deliver user-friendly digital services that make it easier and more efficient to interact with government ?€? providing valuable conveniences like applying for unemployment insurance, submitting business filings, renewing licenses, accessing information and making secure payments without visiting a government office. In the COVID-19 era and beyond, NIC helps government agencies rapidly deliver digital solutions to provide essential services to citizens and businesses alike. Having served the public sector for nearly 30 years, NIC continues to evolve with its federal, state and local government partners to deliver innovative and cost-effective digital government to constituents.
EastGroup Properties, Inc. (EastGroup) is an equity real estate investment trust (REIT). It is focused on the development, acquisition and operation of industrial properties in Sunbelt markets throughout the United States, including the states of Florida, Texas, Arizona, California and North Carolina. During the year ended December 31, 2011, it increased its holdings in real estate properties through its acquisition and development programs. On January 31, 2012, it acquired a 72,000 square foot distribution center and 18 acres of development land. During 2011, it acquired operating properties, including Lakeview Business Center (127,000 square feet) and Ridge Creek Distribution Center II in Charlotte, North Carolina; Broadway Industrial Park, Building VII in Tempe, Arizona; the Tampa Industrial Portfolio in Tampa, Florida, and Rittiman Distribution Center (172,000 square feet) in San Antonio, Texas. In May 2013, EastGroup Properties Inc acquired Northfield Distribution Center.
Eagle is a fully integrated pharmaceutical company with research and development, clinical, manufacturing and commercial expertise. Eagle is committed to developing innovative medicines that result in meaningful improvements in patients?€? lives. Eagle?€?s commercialized products include RYANODEX ??, BENDEKA ??, BELRAPZO ??, and its oncology and CNS/metabolic critical care pipeline includes product candidates with the potential to address underserved therapeutic areas across multiple disease states.
VAALCO, founded in 1985, is a Houston, USA based, independent energy company with production, development and exploration assets in the West African region. The Company is an established operator within the region, holding a 33.6% participating interest in the Etame Marin block, located offshore Gabon, which to date has produced over 118 million barrels of crude oil and of which the Company is the operator.
EHang Holdings Ltd ADS Repstg Ord Cl A
Encompass Health Corp
eHealth, Inc. operates a leading health insurance marketplace at eHealth.com and eHealthMedicare.com with technology that provides consumers with health insurance enrollment solutions. Since 1997, we have connected more than 8 million members with quality, affordable health insurance, Medicare options, and ancillary plans. Our proprietary marketplace offers Medicare Advantage, Medicare Supplement, Medicare Part D prescription drug, individual, family, small business and other plans from over 180 health insurance carriers across fifty states and the??District of Columbia.
Eagle Point Income Company Inc
Eidos Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on addressing the large and growing unmet need in diseases caused by transthyretin (TTR) amyloidosis (ATTR). Eidos is developing AG10, a potentially disease-modifying therapy for the treatment of ATTR.
EMPLOYERS?? and America?€?s small business insurance specialist?? are registered trademarks of EIG Services, Inc. Employers Holdings, Inc. is a holding company with subsidiaries that are specialty providers of workers' compensation insurance and services focused on select, small businesses engaged in low-to-medium hazard industries. The Company operates throughout the United States, with the exception of four states that are served exclusively by their state funds. Insurance is offered through Employers Insurance Company of Nevada, Employers Compensation Insurance Company, Employers Preferred Insurance Company, Employers Assurance Company and Cerity Insurance Company, all rated A- (Excellent) by the A.M. Best Company. Not all companies do business in all jurisdictions. See www.employers.com and www.cerity.com for coverage availability.
Endurance International Group Holdings, Inc. helps millions of small businesses worldwide with products and technology to enhance their online web presence, email marketing, business solutions, and more. The Endurance family of brands includes: Constant Contact, Bluehost, HostGator and Domain.com, among others. Headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts, Endurance employs approximately 3,800 people across the United States, Brazil, India and the Netherlands.

Edison International is one of the nation?€?s largest electric utility holding companies, providing clean and reliable energy and energy services through its independent companies. Headquartered in Rosemead, California, Edison International is the parent company of Southern California Edison Company, a utility that delivers electricity to 15 million people across Southern, Central and Coastal California. Edison International is also the parent company of Edison Energy, a global energy advisory company delivering comprehensive, data-driven energy solutions to commercial and industrial users to meet their cost, sustainability and risk goals. The American Association of Blacks in Energy (AABE) is the nation?€?s premier energy professional trade association representing the interests of African American leaders and employees in the energy industry. Our 43-year mission is to provide direct input into the deliberations and developments of energy policies, regulations, emerging technologies and environmental issues. The association has over 2,000 members across 38 chapters nationwide. Since its founding, the association has been a leader in informing and educating policymakers on energy issues, including impacts on diverse communities.
Innovator ETFs Trust Innovator MSCI Emerging Markets Power Buffer ETF January
?? Ekso Bionics?? is a leading developer of exoskeleton solutions that amplify human potential by supporting or enhancing strength, endurance and mobility across medical and industrial applications. Founded in 2005, the Company continues to build upon its industry-leading expertise to design some of the most cutting-edge, innovative wearable robots available on the market. Ekso Bionics is the only exoskeleton company to offer technologies that range from helping those with paralysis to stand up and walk, to enhancing human capabilities on job sites across the globe.
The Estee Lauder Companies Inc. is a manufacturer and marketer of skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products. The Company's products are sold in over 150 countries and territories under a number of brand names, including Estee Lauder, Aramis, Clinique, Origins, M.A.C, Bobbi Brown, La Mer and Aveda. It is also the global licensee for fragrances and/or cosmetics sold under brand names, such as Tommy Hilfiger, Donna Karan, Michael Kors, Tom Ford and Coach. It sells its products principally through limited distribution channels to complement the images associated with its brands. These channels include over 30,000 points of sale, consisting of upscale department stores, specialty retailers, upscale perfumeries and pharmacies and prestige salons and spas.
DGSE Companies, Inc. (DGSE) buys and sells jewelry, diamonds, fine watches, rare coins and currency, precious metal bullion products, scrap gold, silver, platinum and palladium as well as collectibles and other valuables. The Company and its subsidiaries, sell jewelry and bullion products to both retail and wholesale customers throughout the United States through its facilities in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, South Carolina, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Texas, and through its various Internet sites. Its customers include individual consumers, dealers and institutions throughout the United States. On June 8, 2012, the Company closed its Woodland Hills, California location which constituted the last of its Superior Galleries, Inc. (Superior) operations. In June 2013, DGSE Companies Inc announced that it has opened a Dallas Gold & Silver Exchange retail location in Garland, Texas.
Elanco is a global animal health company that develops products and knowledge services to prevent and treat disease in food animals and pets in more than 90 countries. With a 64-year heritage, we rigorously innovate to improve the health of animals and benefit our customers, while fostering an inclusive, cause-driven culture for more than 5,800 employees. At Elanco, we?€?re driven by our vision of food and companionship enriching life ?€? all to advance the health of animals, people and the planet.


In 2021, we anticipate the launch of a lifestyle beauty brand created with artist, producer, actress, and New York Times best-selling author Alicia Keys. Born of Alicia?€?s personal skincare journey and her passion for bringing light into the world, the brand vision is more than skin deep. With an inclusive point of view, an authentic voice, and a line of skin-loving, dermatologist-developed, cruelty-free products, this lifestyle beauty brand aims to bring new meaning to beauty by honoring ritual in our daily life and practicing intention in every action. The brand is expected to be available online and through exclusive retail partnerships in select markets. Note Regarding non-GAAP Financial Measures This press release includes references to non-GAAP measures, including, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted EPS. The Company presents these non-GAAP measures because its management uses them as supplemental measures in assessing its operating performance, and believes they are helpful to investors, securities analysts and other interested parties in evaluating the Company?€?s performance. The non-GAAP measures included in this press release are not measurements of financial performance under GAAP and they should not be considered as alternatives to measures of performance derived in accordance with GAAP. In addition, these non-GAAP measures should not be construed as an inference that the Company?€?s future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. These non-GAAP measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider such measures either in isolation or as substitutes for analyzing the Company?€?s results as reported under GAAP. The Company?€?s definitions and calculations of these non-GAAP measures are not necessarily comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies due to different methods of calculation. Adjusted EBITDA excludes costs or gains related to restructuring of operations, stock-based compensation and other non-cash and non-recurring costs. Adjusted net income excludes costs or gains related to restructuring of operations, stock based compensation, other non-cash and non-recurring costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets and the tax impact of the foregoing adjustments.
Entergy Louisiana, LLC generates, transmits, distributes, and sells electric power to retail and wholesale customers in Louisiana. The company primarily generates electricity through natural gas and nuclear plants. It holds non-exclusive franchises to provide electric service in approximately 117 incorporated Louisiana municipalities; and supplies electric service in approximately 52 Louisiana parishes in which it holds non-exclusive franchises. The company is based in Jefferson, Louisiana. Entergy Louisiana, LLC is a subsidiary of Entergy Louisiana Holdings, Inc.
Ellomay is an Israeli based company whose shares are registered with the NYSE American and with the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange under the trading symbol "ELLO". Since 2009, Ellomay Capital focuses its business in the renewable energy and power sectors in Europe and Israel. To date, Ellomay has evaluated numerous opportunities and invested significant funds in the renewable, clean energy and natural resources industries in Israel, Italy and Spain, including: Approximately??7.9MW of photovoltaic power plants in Spain and a photovoltaic power plant of approximately 9 MW in Israel ; 9.375% indirect interest in Dorad Energy Ltd., which owns and operates one of Israel's largest private power plants with production capacity of approximately 860MW, representing about 6%-8% of Israel's total current electricity consumption; 51% of??Talasol, which is involved in a project to construct a photovoltaic plant with a peak capacity of 300MW in the municipality of Talav??n, C??ceres, Spain ; 100% of Groen Gas Goor B.V. and of Groen Gas Oude-Tonge B.V., project companies developing anaerobic digestion plants with a green gas production capacity of approximately 375 Nm3/h, in Goor, the Netherlands and 475 Nm3/h, in Oude Tonge, the Netherlands, respectively; 75% of Ellomay Pumped Storage (2014) Ltd. (including 6.67% that are held by a trustee in trust for us and other parties), which is involved in a project to construct a 156 MW pumped storage hydro power plant in the Manara Cliff, Israel. Ellomay Capital is controlled by Mr. Shlomo Nehama, Mr. Hemi Raphael and Mr. Ran Fridrich. Mr. Nehama is one of Israel's prominent businessmen and the former Chairman of Israel's leading bank, Bank Hapohalim, and Messrs. Raphael and Fridrich both have vast experience in financial and industrial businesses. These controlling shareholders, along with Ellomay's dedicated professional management, accumulated extensive experience in recognizing suitable business opportunities worldwide. Ellomay believes the expertise of Ellomay's controlling shareholders and management enables the Company to access the capital markets, as well as assemble global institutional investors and other potential partners. As a result, we believe Ellomay is capable of considering significant and complex transactions, beyond its immediate financial resources.
Electromed, Inc. (Electromed) is engaged in the business of providing airway clearance products applying high frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) technologies in pulmonary care for patients of all ages. The Company manufactures, markets and sells products that provide airway clearance therapy, including the SmartVest Airway Clearance System (SmartVest System) and related products, to patients with compromised pulmonary function. The SmartVest System generates HFCWO, a technique for airway clearance therapy, also known as High Frequency Chest Compression. The SmartVest System has been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to treat the condition of excess lung secretions. It may be prescribed to patients suffering from cystic fibrosis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, muscular dystrophy, post-surgical airway complications and a variety of other diseases and conditions associated with impaired lung and airway capacity.
Eloxx Pharmaceuticals Inc
Companhia Paranaense de Energia (COPEL) is a Brazil-based holding company involved principally in the electrical energy sector. The Company's business is structured in five segments: Generation and Transmission of Electricity (GET), Distribution and Sale of Electricity (DIS), Telecommunications (TEL), Gas, and Holding (HOL). In the GET segment, the Company produces electrical energy from hydro, wind and thermal sources and provides transport services and electrical energy transmission by constructing, operating and maintaining its substations and lines. In the DIS segment COPEL provides mainly distribution and sale of energy by operating and maintaining the infrastructure. In the TEL segment, the Company provides communications and telecommunications services through Copel Telecommunications. In the Gas segment, COPEL provides distribution of piped natural gas; it operates through Compagas. In the Holding segment, the Company operates through Copel and Domino Holdings.
We are a self-administered, self-managed real estate investment trust (?€?REIT?€?) with headquarters in Chicago. As of October 19, 2020, we own or have an interest in 415 quality properties in 33 states and British Columbia consisting of 157,690 sites.
Electro-Sensors, Inc. is an industry leading designer and manufacturer of rugged and reliable machine monitoring sensors and wireless/wired hazard monitoring systems applied across multiple industries and applications. These products improve processes by protecting people, safeguarding systems, reducing downtime, and preventing waste. Most standard products ship within one to two days and have an industry-leading 5-year warranty. Electro-Sensors is proud to be an ISO9001:2015 quality certified company and is committed to providing excellent customer service and technical support. Founded in 1968 and located in Minnetonka, Minnesota, Electro-Sensors provides its loyal customers with reliable products that improve safety and help plants operate with greater efficiency, productivity and control. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements This press release may include statements about possible or anticipated future financial performance, business activities, plans, or opportunities.
Eltek ?€? "Innovation Across the Board", is a global manufacturer and supplier of technologically advanced solutions in the field of printed circuit boards (PCBs), and is the Israeli leader in this industry. PCBs are the core circuitry of most electronic devices. Eltek specializes in the manufacture and supply of complex and high quality PCBs, HDI, multilayered and flex-rigid boards for the high-end market. Eltek is ITAR compliant and has AS-9100 and NADCAP Electronics certifications. Its customers include leading companies in the defense, aerospace and medical industries in Israel, the United States, Europe and Asia. Eltek was founded in 1970. The Company's headquarters, R&D, production and marketing center are located in Israel. Eltek also operates through its subsidiaries in North America and in Europe and by agents and distributors in Europe, India, South Africa and South America.
Entergy Louisiana, LLC generates, transmits, distributes, and sells electric power to retail and wholesale customers in Louisiana. The company primarily generates electricity through natural gas and nuclear plants. It holds non-exclusive franchises to provide electric service in approximately 117 incorporated Louisiana municipalities; and supplies electric service in approximately 52 Louisiana parishes in which it holds non-exclusive franchises. The company is based in Jefferson, Louisiana. Entergy Louisiana, LLC is a subsidiary of Entergy Louisiana Holdings, Inc.

Callaway Golf Company is a premium golf equipment and active lifestyle company with a portfolio of global brands, including Callaway Golf, Odyssey, OGIO, TravisMathew and Jack Wolfskin. Through an unwavering commitment to innovation, Callaway manufactures and sells premium golf clubs, golf balls, golf and lifestyle bags, golf and lifestyle apparel and other accessories.
Elys Game Technology, Corp., is a B2B global gaming technology company operating in multiple countries worldwide, with B2C online and land-based gaming operations in Italy. In Italy, Elys offers its clients a full suite of leisure gaming products and services, such as sports betting, esports, virtual sports, online casino, poker, bingo, interactive games and slots. The Company?€?s innovative wagering solution services online operators, casinos, retail betting establishments and franchise distribution networks. The Company has completed the product regulatory requirements to commence B2B operations in the United States.
eMagin Corp.
"The Fund is an actively managed exchange traded
fund (?€?ETF?€?) sub-advised by Mirae Asset Global Investments (USA) LLC (the ?€?Sub-Adviser?€?) that seeks to
achieve its investment objective by investing in fixed-rate and floating-rate debt instruments issued by sovereign, quasi-sovereign,
and corporate entities from emerging market countries (?€?emerging market debt?€?). Under normal circumstances, the Fund
will invest at least 80% of its net assets, plus the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes, in emerging market debt,
either directly or indirectly. The Fund?€?s 80% investment policy is non-fundamental and requires 60 days prior written notice
to shareholders before it can be changed.

The Fund seeks to provide exposure to
debt securities across a broad range of emerging market countries. Eligible countries include any country which is classified as
an emerging market country for purposes of constructing a major emerging market sovereign bond index or emerging market corporate
bond index. The Fund?€?s concentration in any given country is capped at 20%.

To achieve the fund?€?s objective,
the fund?€?s portfolio managers will generally incorporate macro views consistent with the views of the Sub-Adviser?€?s
Investment Committee, as well as fundamental research to evaluate the investment attractiveness to select countries and companies
that are believed to offer superior risk-adjusted returns. The portfolio managers may also consider whether anticipated credit
improvements or deteriorations in the credit fundamentals of are issuer are fully priced in the market, and may generally adjust
their investment considerations based on any factors deemed relevant to the Sub-Adviser?€?s Investment Committee.?? The
Fund may also invest in securities classified either as investment grade or high yield (also known as ?€?junk bonds?€?).
Securities rated investment grade are generally considered to be of higher credit quality and associated with lower risk of default.
The Fund may also invest in ETFs that provide exposure to emerging market bonds.

The Fund primarily invests in emerging
market debt securities denominated in U.S. dollars, however, the Fund may also invest in emerging market debt securities denominated
in applicable local foreign currencies. The Sub-Adviser determines country allocation primarily based on economic indicators, industry
structure, terms of trade, political environment and geopolitical issues.?? In addition, the Sub-Adviser conducts relative
valuation analysis on sovereign and corporate issues to tactically identify potential opportunities to enhance the Fund?€?s
risk-adjusted returns.

If the Sub-Adviser deems it advantageous
to the Fund?€?s liquidity profile, the Fund may invest up to 20% of its assets in cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Treasuries,
or other developed market fixed income instruments. Securities held by the Fund may be sold at any time. Among other reasons, sales
may occur when the Sub-Adviser believes the security is overvalued, perceives deterioration in the credit fundamentals of the issuer,
or when the Sub-Adviser believes macroeconomic developments may adversely affect the securities in which the Fund invests."
Emclaire Financial Corp. is a financial holding company that provides a range of retail and commercial financial products and services to customers in western Pennsylvania through its wholly owned subsidiary bank, The Farmers National Bank of Emlenton (the Bank). The Company also provides real estate settlement services through its subsidiary, Emclaire Settlement Services, LLC (the Title Company). In addition, the Bank provides investment advisory services through its Farmers National Financial Services division. The Bank's principal business consists of attracting deposits from the general public and investing such funds in real estate loans secured by liens on residential and commercial property, consumer loans, commercial business loans, marketable securities and interest-earning deposits. The Bank operates through a network of 13 retail branch offices in Venango, Butler, Clarion, Clearfield, Crawford, Elk, Jefferson and Mercer counties, Pennsylvania.
EMCOR Group, Inc. (EMCOR) is an electrical and mechanical construction and facilities services firm in the United States, the United Kingdom and globally. It provides services to a range of commercial, industrial, utility and institutional customers through approximately 70 operating subsidiaries and joint venture entities. It specializes in providing construction services relating to electrical and mechanical systems in facilities of all types and in providing comprehensive services for the operation, maintenance and management of facilities services. During the year ended December 31, 2012, approximately 92% of revenues were generated in the United States and approximately 8% were generated in the United Kingdom. During 2012, approximately 39% of revenues were derived from new construction projects, 17% were derived from renovation and retrofit of customer's existing facilities, and 44% were derived from facilities services operations. In July 2013, it acquired RepconStrickland, Inc.
EMCORE Corporation is a leading provider of advanced mixed-signal products that serve the aerospace & defense and broadband communications markets. Our best-in-class components and systems support a broad array of applications including navigation and inertial sensing, defense optoelectronics, broadband transport, 5G wireless infrastructure, optical sensing, and cloud data centers. We leverage industry-leading Quartz MEMS, Indium Phosphide, and Lithium Niobate chip-level technology to deliver state-of-the-art component and system-level products across our end-market applications. EMCORE has vertically-integrated manufacturing capability at its wafer fabrication facility in Alhambra, CA, and Quartz MEMS manufacturing facility in Concord, CA. Our manufacturing facilities maintain ISO 9001 quality management certification, and we are AS9100 aerospace quality certified at our facility in Concord.
The Eastern Company manages industrial businesses that design, manufacture and sell unique engineered solutions to niche markets, focusing on industries that offer long-term macroeconomic growth opportunities. The Company operates across three reporting segments -- Industrial Hardware, Security Products and Metal Products -- from locations in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, U.K., Taiwan and China.
Founded in 1920, Eastman is a global specialty materials company that produces a broad range of products found in items people use every day. With the purpose of enhancing the quality of life in a material way, Eastman works with customers to deliver innovative products and solutions while maintaining a commitment to safety and sustainability. The company?€?s innovation-driven growth model takes advantage of world-class technology platforms, deep customer engagement, and differentiated application development to grow its leading positions in attractive end-markets such as transportation, building and construction, and consumables. As a globally inclusive and diverse company, Eastman employs approximately 14,500 people around the world and serves customers in more than 100 countries. The company had 2019 revenues of approximately $9.3 billion and is headquartered in Kingsport, Tennessee, USA.

Empower Ltd - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Emerson, headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri (USA), is a global technology and engineering company providing innovative solutions for customers in industrial, commercial and residential markets. Our Automation Solutions business helps process, hybrid and discrete manufacturers maximize production, protect personnel and the environment while optimizing their energy and operating costs. Our Commercial & Residential Solutions business helps ensure human comfort and health, protect food quality and safety, advance energy efficiency and create sustainable infrastructure.

Enbridge Inc. is a leading North American energy infrastructure company. We safely and reliably deliver the energy people need and want to fuel quality of life. Our core businesses include Liquids Pipelines, which transports approximately 25 percent of the crude oil produced in North America ; Gas Transmission and Midstream, which transports approximately 20 percent of the natural gas consumed in the U.S.; and Utilities and Power Operations, which serves approximately 3.7 million retail customers in Ontario and Quebec, and generates approximately 1,750 MW of net renewable power in North America and Europe. The Company's common shares trade on and stock exchanges under the symbol ENB. For more information, visit the Toronto and New York stock exchanges under the symbol ENB.
Enbridge Inc 6.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Series 2018-B due 2078
Enable owns, operates and develops strategically located natural gas and crude oil infrastructure assets. Enable?€?s assets include over 13,900 miles of natural gas, crude oil, condensate and produced water gathering pipelines, approximately 2.6 Bcf/d of natural gas processing capacity, approximately 7,800 miles of interstate pipelines (including Southeast Supply Header, LLC of which Enable owns 50 percent), approximately 2,300 miles of intrastate pipelines and eight natural gas storage facilities comprising 84.5 billion cubic feet of storage capacity.
Endo International plc is a specialty pharmaceutical company committed to helping everyone we serve live their best life through the delivery of quality, life-enhancing therapies. Our decades of proven success come from a global team of passionate employees collaborating to bring the best treatments forward. Together, we boldly transform insights into treatments benefiting those who need them, when they need them. Endo has global headquarters in Dublin, Ireland and U.S. headquarters in Malvern, Pennsylvania.
ENGlobal (ENG) is a provider of engineering and automation services primarily to the energy sector throughout the United States and internationally. ENGlobal operates through two business segments: Automation and Engineering. ENGlobal's Automation segment provides services related to the design, fabrication and implementation of distributed control, instrumentation and process analytical systems. The Engineering segment provides consulting services for the development, management and execution of projects requiring professional engineering, construction management, and related support services. Within ENGlobal's Automation segment, ENGlobal Government Services, Inc. provides engineering, design, installation, operations, and maintenance of various government, public sector, and international facilities, specializing in turnkey automation and instrumentation systems for the U.S. Defense industry worldwide.


Entergy New Orleans, Inc. provides electric and gas services in the city of New Orleans in the United States. As of December 31, 2014, it distributed and transported natural gas for distribution within Algiers and New Orleans, Louisiana through approximately 2,500 miles of gas pipeline. The company is based in New Orleans, Louisiana. Entergy New Orleans, Inc. is a subsidiary of Entergy Corporation.
EnLink Midstream reliably operates a differentiated midstream platform that is built for long-term, sustainable value creation. EnLink's best-in-class services span the midstream value chain, providing natural gas, crude oil, condensate, and NGL capabilities. Our purposely built, integrated asset platforms are in premier production basins and core demand centers, including the Permian Basin, Oklahoma, North Texas, and the Gulf Coast. EnLink's strong financial foundation and commitment to execution excellence drive competitive returns and value for our employees, customers, and investors. Headquartered in Dallas, EnLink is publicly traded through EnLink Midstream, LLC. Visit www.EnLink.com to learn how EnLink connects energy to life. Non-GAAP Financial Information This press release contains non-generally accepted accounting principles financial measures that we refer to as adjusted EBITDA, distributable cash flow available to common unitholders ("distributable cash flow"), free cash flow after distributions, and segment free cash flow. We define adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) plus (less) interest expense, net of interest income; depreciation and amortization; impairments; loss on secured term loan receivable, (income) loss from unconsolidated affiliates; distributions from unconsolidated affiliates; (gain) loss on disposition of assets; (gain) loss on extinguishment of debt; unit-based compensation; income tax expense (benefit); unrealized (gain) loss on commodity swaps; (payments under onerous performance obligation); transaction costs; accretion expense associated with asset retirement obligations; (non-cash rent); and (non-controlling interest share of adjusted EBITDA from joint ventures). We define distributable cash flow as adjusted EBITDA, net to ENLC, less interest expense, net of interest income, current income taxes, non-cash interest income, other non-distributable cash flows, accrued cash distributions on EnLink Midstream Partners, LP's (ENLK) Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred Units ("Series B Preferred Units") and ENLK's Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units ("Series C Preferred Units") paid or expected to be paid, and maintenance capital expenditures, excluding maintenance capital expenditures that were contributed by other entities and relate to the non-controlling interest share of our consolidated entities. Free cash flow after distributions is defined as distributable cash flow less distributions declared on common units and growth capital expenditures, excluding growth capital expenditures that were contributed by other entities and relate to the non-controlling interest share of our consolidated joint ventures. Segment Free Cash Flow is defined as segment profit less growth and maintenance capital expenditures, which are gross to EnLink prior to giving effect to the contributions by other entities related to the non-controlling interest share of our consolidated entities. EnLink believes these measures are useful to investors because they may provide users of this financial information with meaningful comparisons between current results and previously-reported results and a meaningful measure of the company's cash flow after it has satisfied the capital and related requirements of its operations. In addition, adjusted EBITDA achievement is a primary metric used in our short-term incentive program for compensating employees. Adjusted EBITDA, distributable cash flow, free cash flow after distributions, and segment free cash flow, as defined above, are not measures of financial performance or liquidity under GAAP. They should not be considered in isolation or as an indicator of EnLink's performance. Furthermore, they should not be seen as a substitute for metrics prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in the following tables. See ENLC's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for more information. Other definitions and explanations of terms used in this press release: Segment profit (loss) is defined as operating income (loss) plus general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization, (gain) loss on disposition of assets, impairments, and loss on secured term loan receivable. Segment profit (loss) includes non-cash compensation expenses reflected in operating expenses. See "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 15 - Segment Information" in ENLC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and, when available, "Item 1. Financial Statements - Note 13-Segment Information" in ENLC's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2020, for further information about segment profit (loss). Net debt is calculated as total debt less cash, excluding cash contributed by joint venture partners.
Bio Blast Pharma Ltd., a development stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on the identification, licensing, acquisition, development, and commercialization of drugs for rare and ultra-rare genetic and metabolic diseases. The company develops Cabaletta, which is in Phase II/III clinical trials for the treatment of oculopharyngeal muscular dystrophy; and Phase II clinical trials for the treatment of spinocerebellar ataxia type 3, as well as in preclinical studies for the treatment of spinobulbar muscular atrophy. Its preclinical development stage product candidates comprise BBrm1 for spinal muscular atrophy; BB-FA for the treatment of friedrich??s ataxia; and BB-OTC for ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency. Bio Blast Pharma Ltd. was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel.

Enochian BioSciences is a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to identifying, developing, manufacturing, and commercializing gene-modified cell therapy. Our gene-modified cell therapy platform can be applied to multiple indications including HIV/AIDS, HBV and Oncology.

Executive Network Partnering Corporation - Units (1 Class A & 1/4 War)
Executive Network Partnering Corporation Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 28.75
Enphase Energy, a global energy technology company, delivers smart, easy-to-use solutions that connect solar generation, storage and management on one intelligent platform. The Company revolutionized solar with its microinverter technology and produces the world?€?s only truly integrated solar plus storage solution. Enphase has shipped more than 30 million microinverters, and approximately 1.3 million Enphase-based systems have been deployed in more than130 countries.
Energizer Holdings, Inc., headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, is one of the world's largest manufacturers and distributors of primary batteries, portable lights, and auto care appearance, performance, refrigerant, and fragrance products. Our portfolio of globally recognized brands include Energizer??, Armor All??, Eveready??, Rayovac??, STP??, Varta??, A/C Pro??, Refresh Your Car! ??, California Scents??, Driven??, Bahama & Co. ??, LEXOL??, Eagle One??, Nu Finish??, Scratch Doctor??, and Tuff Stuff??. As a global branded consumer products company, Energizer's mission is to lead the charge to deliver value to our customers and consumers better than anyone else.
Energizer Holdings Inc (New) Mandatory Conv Pfd Ser A
EDITOR'S NOTE: EnerSys, the global leader in stored energy solutions for industrial applications, manufactures and distributes energy system solutions, motive power batteries, battery chargers, power equipment, battery accessories and outdoor equipment enclosure solutions to customers worldwide. Motive power batteries and chargers are utilized in electric forklift trucks and other commercial electric-powered vehicles. Energy Systems provide highly integrated power solutions and services to broadband, telecommunication, utility, uninterruptible power supplies, renewable, medical, aerospace and defense, premium starting, lighting and ignition applications. Outdoor equipment enclosure products are utilized in the??telecommunication, cable, utility, transportation industries and by government and defense customers. The company also provides aftermarket and customer support services to its customers in over 100 countries through its sales and manufacturing locations around the world.
The Ensign Group, Inc., is a holding company. The Company is a provider of skilled nursing and rehabilitative care services through the operation of 103 facilities, five home health and three hospice operations located in Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Iowa, Nebraska, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Washington. Its facilities provide a spectrum of skilled nursing, assisted living, home health and hospice services, including physical, occupational and speech therapies, and other rehabilitative and healthcare services, for both long-term residents and short-stay rehabilitation patients. Its walk-in clinics will offer daily access to healthcare for minor injuries and illnesses, including x-ray and lab services, all from convenient neighborhood locations with no appointments. On February 1, 2012, the Company acquired an assisted living facility in Nevada. In July 2013, Ensign Group, Inc. acquired Mountain View Rehabilitation and Care Center.
Through its various operating subsidiaries, Enservco provides a range of oilfield services, including hot oiling, acidizing, frac water heating, and related services. The Company has a broad geographic footprint covering seven major domestic oil and gas basins and serves customers in Colorado, Montana, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Texas, Wyoming and West Virginia.
Enanta is using its robust, chemistry-driven approach and drug discovery capabilities to become a leader in the discovery and development of small molecule drugs for the treatment of viral infections and liver diseases. Enanta?€?s research and development efforts have produced clinical candidates currently in development for the following disease targets: respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and hepatitis B virus (HBV). Enanta is also conducting research in human metapneumovirus (hMPV) and SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19). Enanta?€?s research and development activities are funded by royalties from hepatitis C virus (HCV) products developed under its collaboration with AbbVie. Glecaprevir, a protease inhibitor discovered by Enanta, is sold by AbbVie in numerous countries as part of its leading treatment for chronic HCV infection under the tradenames MAVYRET ?? (U.S.) and MAVIRET ?? (ex-U.S.) (glecaprevir/pibrentasvir).
Entegris is a leader in specialty chemicals and advanced materials solutions for the microelectronics industry and other high-tech industries. Entegris is ISO 9001 certified and has manufacturing, customer service, and/or research facilities in the United States, China, France, Germany, Israel, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore, South Korea, and Taiwan.
Entera is a leader in the development of orally delivered large molecule therapeutics for use in areas with significant unmet medical need where adoption of injectable therapies is limited due to cost, convenience and compliance challenges for patients. The Company?€?s proprietary, oral drug delivery technology is designed to address the technical challenges of poor absorption, high variability, and the inability to deliver large molecules to the targeted location in the body through the use of a synthetic absorption enhancer to facilitate the absorption of large molecules, and protease inhibitors to prevent enzymatic degradation and support delivery to targeted tissues. The Company?€?s most advanced product candidates, EB613 for the treatment of osteoporosis and EB612 for the treatment of hypoparathyroidism are in Phase 2 clinical development.
Entera Bio Ltd. Warrant
Envestnet, Inc. is transforming the way financial advice and wellness are delivered. Our mission is to empower advisors and financial service providers with innovative technology, solutions, and intelligence to make financial wellness a reality for everyone. Over 105,000 advisors and more than 5,100 companies including: 17 of the 20 largest U.S. banks, 47 of the 50 largest wealth management and brokerage firms, over 500 of the largest RIAs, and hundreds of FinTech companies?€?leverage the Envestnet platform to grow their businesses and client relationships.
Enova International, Inc. is a leading provider of online financial services to non-prime consumers and small businesses, providing access to credit powered by its advanced analytics, innovative technology, and world-class online platform and services. Enova has provided more than 7 million customers around the globe with access to more than??$40 billion??in loans and financing. The financial technology company has a portfolio of trusted brands serving consumers, including CashNetUSA??, NetCredit?? and Simplic??; three brands serving small businesses, Headway Capital??, The Business Backer?? and OnDeck??; and offers online lending platform services to lenders. Through its Enova Decisions??? brand, it also delivers on-demand decision-making technology and real-time predictive analytics services to clients.
Enzo Biochem is a pioneer in molecular diagnostics, leading the convergence of clinical laboratories, life sciences and intellectual property through the development of unique diagnostic platform technologies that provide numerous advantages over previous standards. A global company, Enzo Biochem utilizes cross-functional teams to develop and deploy products, systems and services that meet the ever-changing and rapidly growing needs of health care today and into the future. Underpinning Enzo Biochem?€?s products and technologies is a broad and deep intellectual property portfolio, with patent coverage across a number of key enabling technologies.
EOG Resources, Inc.(EOG) explores , develops, produces and markets crude oil and natural gas primarily in producing basins in the United States of America , Canada, The Republic of Trinidad and Tobago (Trinidad), the United Kingdom , The People's Republic of China (China), the Argentine Republic (Argentina) and, from time to time, select other international areas. As of December 31, 2012, EOG's total estimated net proved reserves were 1,811 million barrels of oil equivalent, of which 701 million barrels were crude oil and condensate reserves, 320 million barrels were natural gas liquids (NGLs) reserves and 4,740 billion cubic feet, or 790 million barrels of oil equivalent, were natural gas. EOG's operations are all crude oil and natural gas exploration and production related.
Evolus??is a performance beauty company with a customer-centric approach focused on delivering breakthrough products. In 2019, the??U.S. Food and Drug Administration??approved Jeuveau ?? (prabotulinumtoxinA-xvfs), the first and only neurotoxin dedicated exclusively to aesthetics and manufactured in a state-of-the-art facility using Hi-Pure??? technology. Jeuveau ?? is powered by??Evolus'??unique technology platform and is designed to transform the aesthetic market by eliminating the friction points existing for customers today.

B. Riley Principal Merger Corp. II Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share
El Paso Corporation Preferred Stock
Actuant Corporation is a diversified industrial company serving customers from operations in more than 30 countries. The Actuant businesses are leaders in a broad array of niche markets including branded hydraulic tools and solutions, specialized products and services for energy markets and highly engineered position and motion control systems. The Company was founded in 1910 and is headquartered in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin. Actuant trades on the NYSE under the symbol ATU.
Since 1993, EPAM Systems, Inc. has leveraged its software engineering expertise to become a leading global product development, digital platform engineering, and top digital and product design agency. Through its 'Engineering DNA' and innovative strategy, consulting, and design capabilities, EPAM works in collaboration with its customers to deliver next-gen solutions that turn complex business challenges into real business outcomes. EPAM's global teams serve customers in more than 35 countries across North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. As a recognized market leader in multiple categories among top global independent research agencies, EPAM was one of only four technology companies to appear on Forbes 25 Fastest Growing Public Tech Companies list every year of publication since 2013 and ranked as the top IT services company on Fortune's 100 Fastest-Growing Companies list in 2019 and 2020.
Bottomline makes complex business payments simple, smart, and secure. Corporations and banks rely on Bottomline for domestic and international payments, efficient cash management, automated workflows for payment processing and bill review, and state of the art fraud detection, behavioral analytics and regulatory compliance solutions. Thousands of corporations around the world benefit from Bottomline solutions. Headquartered in Portsmouth, NH, Bottomline delights customers through offices across the U.S., Europe, and Asia-Pacific.
Edgewell is a leading pure-play consumer products company with an attractive, diversified portfolio of established brand names such as Schick?? and Wilkinson Sword?? men's and women's shaving systems and disposable razors; Edge?? and Skintimate?? shave preparations; Playtex??, Stayfree??, Carefree?? and o.b.?? feminine care products; Banana Boat??, Hawaiian Tropic??, Bulldog??, Jack Black?? and Cremo?? sun and skin care products; and Wet Ones?? moist wipes. The Company has a broad global footprint and operates in more than 50 markets, including the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Germany, Japan, the U.K. and Australia, with approximately 5,800 employees worldwide.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (Enterprise) owns and operates natural gas liquids (NGLs) related businesses of Enterprise Products Company (EPCO). The Company is a North American provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, refined products and certain petrochemicals. Its midstream energy operations include natural gas gathering, treating, processing, transportation and storage; NGL transportation, fractionation, storage, and import and export terminals, and a marine transportation business that operates on the United States inland and Intracoastal Waterway systems and in the Gulf of Mexico. The Company operates in five business segments: NGL Pipelines & Services; Onshore Natural Gas Pipelines & Services; Onshore Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; Offshore Pipelines & Services, and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services.
Develops novel pharmaceutical products. The Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing novel pharmaceutical products through the use of proprietary technology to diagnose, treat and manage patients. The Company has five internally-discovered therapeutic and imaging drug candidates currently in clinical trials targeting conditions such as depression, Alzheimer's disease, cardiovascular disease and obesity.
Evolution Petroleum Corporation (EPM) is a petroleum company engaged primarily in the acquisition, exploitation and development of properties for the production of crude oil and natural gas, onshore in the United States. The Company acquires known, underdeveloped oil and natural gas resources and exploits them. The assets that the Company exploits includes project opportunities, such as enhanced oil recovery (EOR), bypassed primary resources and unconventional development. The Company, in its Giddings Field holds 5,005 net developed acres and approximately 3,145 net acres as undeveloped and associated with its drilling locations as of June 30, 2012. The Company's mineral interests in the Delhi Holt Bryant Unit in the Delhi Field, located in Northeast Louisiana, are its principal assets.
EPR Properties is a leading experiential net lease real estate investment trust (REIT), specializing in select enduring experiential properties in the real estate industry. We focus on real estate venues which create value by facilitating out of home leisure and recreation experiences where consumers choose to spend their discretionary time and money. We have over $6.7 billion in total investments across 44 states. We adhere to rigorous underwriting and investing criteria centered on key industry, property and tenant level cash flow standards. We believe our focused approach provides a competitive advantage, and the potential for higher growth and better yields.
EPR Properties 5.75% Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares
EPR Properties Series E Cumulative Conv Pfd Shs Ser E
EPR Properties 5.750% Series G Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares
Essential Properties Realty Trust Inc
No Description Available
Epizyme, Inc. is a fully integrated, commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to its mission of rewriting treatment for cancer and other serious diseases through novel epigenetic medicines. In addition to an active research and discovery pipeline, Epizyme has one U.S. FDA approved product, TAZVERIK ?? (tazemetostat), for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients aged 16 years and older with metastatic or locally advanced epithelioid sarcoma (ES) who are not eligible for complete resection; adult patients with relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma whose tumors are positive for an EZH2 mutation as detected by an FDA-approved test and who have received at least two prior systemic therapies; and adult patients with relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options. These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on overall response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial(s). The company is also exploring the treatment potential of tazemetostat in investigational clinical trials in other solid tumors and hematological malignancies, as a monotherapy and combination therapy in both relapsed and front-line disease settings. By focusing on the genetic drivers of disease, Epizyme seeks to match medicines with the patients who need them.
Embarq CORP
Equity Bancshares, Inc. is the parent company of Equity Bank, offering a full range of financial solutions, including commercial loans, consumer banking, mortgage loans, and treasury management services. As of September 30, 2020, Equity had $3.9 billion in consolidated total assets, with locations in Kansas, Missouri, Arkansas and Oklahoma, including corporate offices in Wichita.
Equity Commonwealth is a Chicago based, internally managed and self-advised real estate investment trust (REIT) with commercial office properties in the United States. EQC?€?s same property portfolio is comprised of 4 properties and 1.5 million square feet. Regulation FD Disclosures We use any of the following to comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD: press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, or our website.
Equity Commonwealth 6.50% Pfd Conv Shs Ser D

Equity Distribution Acquisition Corp
Equity Distribution Acquisition Corp - Warrants (09/09/2025)
AXA Equitable Holdings Inc
Equinix is the world's digital infrastructure company, enabling digital leaders to harness a trusted platform to bring together and interconnect the foundational infrastructure that powers their success. Equinix enables today's businesses to access all the right places, partners and possibilities they need to accelerate advantage. With Equinix, they can scale with agility, speed the launch of digital services, deliver world-class experiences and multiply their value. SOURCE Equinix, Inc. Related Links http://www.equinix.com
"Statoil was founded as Den Norske Stats Oljeselskap AS, the
Norwegian State Oil company in 1972. Statoil became listed on
the Oslo B??rs (Norway) and New York Stock Exchange (US) in
June 2001. Statoil merged with Hydro?€?s oil and gas division in
October 2007. Statoil is an international energy company present
in more than 30 countries around the world, including several of
the world?€?s most important oil and gas provinces. Our headquarter
is located in Stavanger, Norway and we have 20.245 employees
worldwide. We create value through safe and efficient operations,
innovative solutions and technology. Statoil?€?s competitiveness is
founded on our values-based performance culture, with a strong
commitment to transparency, collaboration and continuous
efficiency improvements.
The board of directors of Statoil have proposed to change the
name of the company to Equinor. The new name supports the
company?€?s strategy and development as a broad energy company.
The suggested name change will be proposed to the shareholders
in a resolution to the annual general meeting on 15 May 2018."
8i Enterprises Acquisition Corp. is a British Virgin Islands company incorporated as a blank check company for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. The Company's efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although the Company intends to focus on targets located in Asia. Forward Looking Statements This press release includes forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts.
8i Enterprises Acquisition Corp Warrants 29102025
Equity Residential is committed to creating communities where people thrive. The Company, a member of the S&P 500, is focused on the acquisition, development and management of rental apartment properties located in urban and high-density suburban communities where today?€?s renters want to live, work and play. Equity Residential owns or has investments in 305 properties consisting of 78,568 apartment units, located in Boston, New York, Washington, D.C., Seattle, San Francisco, Southern California and Denver.
The Fund is a business development company that trades as a closed-end fund on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "EQS".
EQT Corporation is a leading independent natural gas production company with operations focused in the cores of the Marcellus and Utica Shales in the Appalachian Basin. We are dedicated to responsibly developing our world-class asset base and being the operator of choice for our stakeholders. By leveraging a culture that prioritizes operational efficiency, technology and sustainability, we seek to continuously improve the way we produce environmentally responsible, reliable and low-cost energy. We have a longstanding commitment to the safety of our employees, contractors, and communities, and to the reduction of our overall environmental footprint. Our values are evident in the way we operate and in how we interact each day ?€? trust, teamwork, heart, and evolution are at the center of all we do.


East Resources Acquisition Company Unit 1 Cl A & 12 Wt Exp 07012027
East Resources Acquisition Co - Warrants (01/07/2027)
Enerplus Corporation (Enerplus) is a North American crude oil and natural gas exploration and development company. Enerplus 's oil and natural gas property interests are located primarily in western Canada in the provinces of Alberta, British Columbia and Saskatchewan, and in the United States primarily in the states of Montana, North Dakota, Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Wyoming. On December 17, 2012, Enerplus completed an acquisition of an additional 20% working interest in the Sleeping Giant area in the Elm Coulee field in Richland County in Montana. On December 19, 2012, Enerplus completed a sale of its crude oil assets located in the Virden/Daly region of Manitoba.
Ericsson enables communications service providers to capture the full value of connectivity. The company's portfolio spans Networks, Digital Services, Managed Services, and Emerging Business and is designed to help our customers go digital, increase efficiency and find new revenue streams. Ericsson's investments in innovation have delivered the benefits of telephony and mobile broadband to billions of people around the world. The Ericsson stock is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and on Nasdaq New York.
Erie Indemnity Company (Indemnity) is engaged in managing attorney-in-fact for the subscribers (policyholders) at the Erie Insurance Exchange (Exchange). The Exchange is a subscriber owned, Pennsylvania-domiciled reciprocal insurer that writes property and casualty insurance. Indemnity's primary function is to perform certain services for the Exchange relating to the sales, underwriting and issuance of policies on behalf of the Exchange. Erie Family Life Insurance Company (EFL) is an affiliated life insurance company that underwrites and sells individual and group life insurance policies and fixed annuities. All property and casualty and life insurance operations are owned by the Exchange, and Indemnity functions solely as the management company. The Company operates its business in four segments: management operations, property and casualty insurance operations, life insurance operations and investment operations.
Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII) is an energy solutions provider to industrial fluid flow markets worldwide. Energy Recovery solutions recycle and convert wasted pressure energy into a usable asset and preserve pumps that are subject to hostile processing environments. With award-winning technology, Energy Recovery simplifies complex industrial systems while improving productivity, profitability, and efficiency within the oil & gas, chemical processing, and water industries. Energy Recovery products save clients $1.9 billion (USD) annually. Headquartered in the Bay Area, Energy Recovery has offices in Dubai, Houston, Madrid and Shanghai.
A global aerospace company headquartered in Brazil, Embraer has businesses in Commercial and Executive aviation, Defense & Security and Agricultural Aviation. The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets aircraft and systems, providing Services & Support to customers after-sales. Since it was founded in 1969, Embraer has delivered more than 8,000 aircraft. On average, about every 10 seconds an aircraft manufactured by Embraer takes off somewhere in the world, transporting over 145 million passengers a year. Embraer is the leading manufacturer of commercial jets up to 150 seats and the main exporter of high value-added goods in Brazil. The company maintains industrial units, offices, service and parts distribution centers, among other activities, across the Americas, Africa, Asia and Europe. About OGMA ?€? Ind??stria Aeron??utica de Portugal S.A. Founded on June 29, 1918, OGMA - Ind??stria Aeron??utica de Portugal S.A. celebrated 100 years of existence in 2018. The company bases its activity on two business areas - Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul of Aircraft and Engines and Civil Aviation and Defense Components, and Manufacturing and Assembly of Aircraft Structures for civil and military aircraft. Since the privatization carried out in 2005, OGMA is 65% owned by the Airholding SGPS (100% EMBRAER) and 35% by idD Portugal Defence (100% Portuguese State). PRESS OFFICES: Headquarters ( Brazil ) Corporate Communications [email??protected] Cell: +55 11 98890 7777 Tel. : +55 11 4873 7984 North America Alyssa Ten Eyck [email??protected] Cell: +1 954 383 0460 Tel. : +1 954 359 3847 Europe, Middle East and Africa Guy Douglas [email??protected] Cell: +31 (0)657120121 Tell: +31 (0)202158109 China Mirage Zhong [email??protected] Cell:?? +86 185 1378 5180 Tel. : +86 10 6598 9988 Asia Pacific Nilma Missir-Boissac [email??protected] Cell: +65 9012 8428 Tel. : +65 6305 9955 SOURCE Embraer S.A.
Erytech Pharma - ADR
EnergySolutions, Inc. (EnergySolutions) is a provider of a range of nuclear services to government and commercial customers. The Company's range of nuclear services includes engineering, in-plant support services, spent nuclear fuel management, decontamination and decommissioning (D&D), operation of nuclear reactors, logistics, transportation, processing and low-level radioactive waste (LLRW) disposal. The Company also owns and operates strategic processing and disposal facilities. The Global Commercial Group includes three business divisions: Commercial Services, Logistics, Processing and Disposal (LP&D) and International. In May 2013, Energy Capital Partners II LLC, a unit of Energy Capital Partners, through its wholly owned subsidiary, acquired the entire share capital of EnergySolutions Inc.
No Description Available
Elmira Savings Bank (the Bank), formerly Elmira Savings Bank, FSB, is a federally chartered mutual savings bank. As of January 1, 2012, the Bank converted from a federally chartered savings bank to a New York State chartered savings bank. The Bank conducts its business through 10 full service offices located in Chemung, Tompkins, Cayuga, and Steuben Counties, New York, one limited service office located in Tompkins County, New York, and one branch in Schuyler County, New York. It has two subsidiaries: ESB Realty Corp. and ESB Advisory Services, Inc. ESB Realty Corp. It operates as a real estate investment trust. It offers financial services products and financial planning advisory services through its wholly owned subsidiary, ESB Advisory Services, Inc. Its deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). Its market areas are in Elmira, New York, and Ithaca, New York, and include the surrounding communities in the southern tier and and central New York region.
Escalade, Incorporated (Escalade) operates in two business segments: Sporting Goods and Information Security and Print Finishing (Martin Yale Group). Escalade Sports manufactures in the United States of America and Mexico and imports product from Asia. The key Martin Yale Group brands include martin yale, intimus and papermonster. Martin Yale Group products include: shredders, disintegrators, degaussers, paper folders, letter openers, and paper cutters/trimmers. The Company's two wholly owned subsidiaries include Escalade Sports and Martin Yale. In November 2013, Escalade, Inc announced that the acquisition of the indoor games business of DMI Sports, marketers of Arachnid, Nodor and Winmau darting, Prince and Head table tennis and Minnesota Fats billiards.
ESCO Technologies Inc., together with its subsidiaries, produces and supplies engineered products and systems for utility, industrial, aerospace, and commercial markets worldwide. It operates through three segments: Filtration/Fluid Flow, RF Shielding and Test, and Utility Solutions Group. The Filtration/Fluid Flow segment supplies filtration and fluid control products, including filter elements, manifolds, assemblies, modules, indicators, filters, regulators, custom and standard valves, actuators, and other components; and produces engineered thermoformed products and packaging materials for medical, pharmaceutical, retail, food, and electronic applications. The RF Shielding and Test segment designs and manufactures products to measure and contain magnetic, electromagnetic, and acoustic energy; and supplies various isolated environments and turnkey systems, including RF test facilities, acoustic test enclosures, RF and magnetically shielded rooms, communication facilities, RF measurement systems, and broadcast and recording studios. This segment also offers various components, such as RF absorptive materials, RF filters, active compensation systems, antennas, antenna masts, turntables, electric and magnetic probes, RF test cells, proprietary measurement software, and other test accessories. The Utility Solutions Group segment develops, manufactures, and delivers diagnostic testing solutions for electrical equipment comprising the electric power grid and enterprise management systems; and provides consulting and testing services. The company offers its products through a network of distributors, sales representatives, direct sales, and in-house sales personnel. ESCO Technologies Inc. was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri.
Euroseas Ltd. was formed on May 5, 2005 under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands to consolidate the ship owning interests of the Pittas family of Athens, Greece, which has been in the shipping business over the past 140 years. Euroseas trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the ticker ESEA. Euroseas operates in the container shipping market. Euroseas' operations are managed by Eurobulk Ltd., an ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 14001:2004 certified affiliated ship management company, which is responsible for the day-to-day commercial and technical management and operations of the vessels. Euroseas employs its vessels on spot and period charters and through pool arrangements. The Company has a fleet of 14 vessels, including 9 Feeder containerships and 5 Intermediate Container carriers. Euroseas 14 containerships have a cargo capacity of 42,281 teu.
Eros International Plc a Global Indian Entertainment company that acquires, co-produces and distributes Indian films across all available formats such as cinema, television and digital new media. Eros International Plc became the first Indian media company to list on the New York Stock Exchange. Eros International has experience of over three decades in establishing a global platform for Indian cinema. The Company has an extensive and growing movie library comprising of over 3,000 films, which include Hindi, Tamil, and other regional language films for home entertainment distribution. The Company also owns the rapidly growing OTT platform Eros Now.
Enstar is a NASDAQ-listed leading global insurance group that offers innovative capital release solutions through its network of group companies in Bermuda, the United States, the United Kingdom, Continental Europe, Australia, and other international locations. A market leader in completing legacy acquisitions, Enstar has acquired over 100 companies and portfolios since its formation in 2001.
Enstar Group Ltd Depositary Shs Each Repstg 1/1000 Int Sh Perpetual Non Cumulative Pref Sh
Enstar Group Limited Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1000th of an interest in Preference Shares
Element Solutions Inc is a leading specialty chemicals company whose businesses formulate a broad range of solutions that enhance the performance of products people use every day. Developed in multi-step technological processes, our businesses?€? innovative solutions enable customers' manufacturing processes in several key industries, including electronic circuitry, semiconductor, communication infrastructure, automotive systems, industrial surface finishing, consumer packaging and offshore energy.
Elbit Systems Ltd. is an international high technology company engaged in a wide range of defense, homeland security and commercial programs throughout the world. The Company, which includes Elbit Systems and its subsidiaries, operates in the areas of aerospace, land and naval systems, command, control, communications, computers, intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance ("C4ISR"), unmanned aircraft systems, advanced electro-optics, electro-optic space systems, EW suites, signal intelligence systems, data links and communications systems, radios, cyber-based systems and munitions. The Company also focuses on the upgrading of existing platforms, developing new technologies for defense, homeland security and commercial applications and providing a range of support services, including training and simulation systems.
Essent Group Ltd. (Essent) is a Bermuda-based holding company. The Company through its wholly owned subsidiaries offers private mortgage insurance and reinsurance for mortgages secured by residential properties located in the United States. Essent US Holdings, Inc. (Essent Holdings) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Essent Group. The primary mortgage insurance operations are conducted through Essent Holdings' wholly owned subsidiaries, Essent Guaranty, Inc. (Essent Guaranty) and Essent Guaranty of PA, Inc. (Essent PA). Essent also has a wholly owned reinsurer, Essent Reinsurance, Ltd. (Essent Re). CUW Solutions, LLC (CUW Solutions) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Essent Holdings. CUW Solutions provides, among other things, mortgage contract underwriting services to lenders and mortgage insurance underwriting services to affiliates.
Espey Mfg. & Electronics Corp. (Espey) is a power electronics design and original equipment manufacturing (OEM) company engaged in developing and delivering products for use in military and severe environment applications. The Company's primary products are power supplies, power converters, filters, power transformers, magnetic components, power distribution equipment, ups systems, antennas and high power radar systems. The applications of these products include alternating current (AC) and direct current (DC) locomotives, shipboard power, shipboard radar, airborne power, ground-based radar, and ground mobile power. Espey services include design and development to specification, build to print, design services, design studies, environmental testing services, metal fabrication, painting services, and development of automatic testing equipment.
Esperion Therapeutics Inc is a United States-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the research, development and commercialization of therapies for the treatment of patients with elevated levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and other cardiometabolic risk factors. The Company has focused its initial drug discovery and development activities on drugs to treat acute and chronic cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Esperion Therapeutics Inc is also engaged in the identification and clinical development of synthetic HDL Therapies.
Esquire Financial Holdings, Inc. is a financial holding company headquartered in Jericho, New York, with one branch office in Jericho, New York and an administrative office in Boca Raton, Florida. Its wholly-owned subsidiary, Esquire Bank, National Association, is a full service commercial bank dedicated to serving the financial needs of the litigation industry and small businesses nationally, as well as commercial and retail customers in the New York metropolitan area. The bank offers tailored financial and payment processing solutions to the litigation community and their clients as well as dynamic and flexible merchant payment processing solutions to small business owners.
Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. owns, manages, operates, acquires and repositions office and retail properties in Manhattan and the greater New York metropolitan area, including the Empire State Building, the "World's Most Famous Building." ESRT is a leader in energy efficiency in the built environment and sustainability and is the first commercial real estate portfolio in the U.S. to achieve the WELL Health-Safety Rating, an evidence-based, third-party verified rating for all facility types, focused on operational policies, maintenance protocols, emergency plans and stakeholder education to address a COVID-19 environment now and broader health and safety-related issues into the future. The Company's office and retail portfolio covers 10.1 million rentable square feet, as of September 30, 2020, consisting of 9.4 million rentable square feet in 14 office properties, including nine in Manhattan, three in Fairfield County, Connecticut, and two in Westchester County, New York ; and approximately 700,000 rentable square feet in the retail portfolio. LEGO and the LEGO logo are trademarks of the LEGO Group. ??2020 The LEGO Group STAR WARS and related properties are trademarks and/or copyrights, in the United States and other countries, of Lucasfilm Ltd. and/or its affiliates. ?? & TM Lucasfilm Ltd. SOURCE Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. Related Links http://www.esbnyc.com
Essex Property Trust, Inc., an S&P 500 company, is a fully integrated real estate investment trust (REIT) that acquires, develops, redevelops, and manages multifamily residential properties in selected West Coast markets. Essex currently has ownership interests in 246 apartment communities comprising approximately 60,000 apartment homes with an additional 6 properties in various stages of active development.
ESSA Bancorp, Inc. operates as the holding company for ESSA Bank & Trust that provides a range of financial services to individuals, families, and businesses in Pennsylvania. The company provides deposit accounts comprising savings accounts, NOW accounts, checking accounts, money market accounts, club accounts, certificates of deposit, IRAs, and other qualified plan accounts, as well as commercial checking accounts for businesses. It also offers residential first mortgage loans, including one-to-four family residential loans and construction mortgage loans; commercial real estate loans; home equity loans and lines of credit; and commercial and consumer loans, as well as various unsecured or secured loans, loans secured by deposits, personal loans, and automobile loans. In addition, the company provides asset management and trust services, and investment services, as well as insurance benefit consulting services, including health insurance, life insurance, short term and long term disability, dental, vision, and 401(K) retirement planning, as well as individual health products. As of September 30, 2013, it operated 26 full-service banking offices, including 13 offices in Monroe County, 6 offices in Lehigh County, and 7 offices in Northampton County in Pennsylvania. The company was founded in 1916 and is based in Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania.

East Stone Acquisition Corp Rt Pur 110 Ord
East Stone Acquisition Corp Units 1 Ord 1 Right & 1 Warrant
East Stone Acquisition Corp Red Wt Exp 12312026
Establishment Labs Holdings Inc - Ordinary Shares
Elastic N.V - Ordinary Shares
Earthstone Energy, Inc. is a growth-oriented, independent energy company engaged in development and operation of oil and natural gas properties. The Company?€?s primary assets are in the Midland Basin of west Texas and the Eagle Ford Trend of south Texas.
Community Bankers Trust Corporation is the holding company for Essex Bank, a Virginia state bank with 24 full-service offices, 18 of which are in Virginia and six of which are in Maryland. The Bank also operates two loan production offices.
Energy Transfer LP (NYSE: ET) owns and operates one of the largest and most diversified portfolios of energy assets in the United States, with a strategic footprint in all of the major domestic production basins. ET is a publicly traded limited partnership with core operations that include complementary natural gas midstream, intrastate and interstate transportation and storage assets; crude oil, natural gas liquids (NGL) and refined product transportation and terminalling assets; NGL fractionation; and various acquisition and marketing assets. ET, through its ownership of Energy Transfer Operating, L.P., also owns Lake Charles LNG Company, as well as the general partner interests, the incentive distribution rights and 28.5 million common units of Sunoco LP (NYSE: SUN), and the general partner interests and 39.7 million common units of USA Compression Partners, LP (NYSE: USAC). For more information, visit the Energy Transfer website at www.energytransfer.com.

E.Merge Technology Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Com Cl A & 13 Wt Exp 07302025
E.Merge Technology Acquisition Corp - Warrants (01/01/9999)
Ethan Allen is a leading interior design company and manufacturer and retailer of quality home furnishings. The Company offers complimentary interior design service to its clients and sells a full range of furniture products and decorative accessories through ethanallen.com and a network of approximately 300 design centers in??the United States??and abroad. Ethan Allen owns and operates six manufacturing facilities including three manufacturing plants and one sawmill in??the United States??plus one plant each in??Mexico??and??Honduras. Approximately 75% of its products are made in its North American plants.
Entercom Communications Corp., home to the nation?€?s most influential collection of podcasts, digital and broadcast content, and premium live events and experiences, engages over 170 million consumers each month. With presence in every major U.S. market, and accessible on every device, Entercom delivers the industry?€?s most compelling live and on-demand content and experiences from voices and influencers its communities trust and love. The company?€?s robust portfolio of assets and integrated solutions offer advertisers today?€?s most engaged audiences through targeted reach, brand amplification and local activation?€?all at national scale. Entercom is the unrivaled leader in local radio sports and news and the #1 creator of live, original local audio content in the U.S.
Eaton is a power management company with 2018 sales of $21.6 billion. Its energy-efficient solutions help customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical power more reliably, safely and sustainably. The company is dedicated to improving the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management technologies and services. Eaton employs 99,000 people worldwide, and sells products to customers in more than 175 countries.
89bio Inc
Eton Pharmaceuticals Inc - Ordinary Shares
Energy Transfer Operating L.P. Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units
Energy Transfer Operating L.P. 7.625% Series D Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units
Energy Transfer Operating LP FxdFltg Cum Red Perp Pfd Unit Ser E
Entergy Corporation is an integrated energy company engaged primarily in electric power production and retail distribution operations. Entergy owns and operates power plants with approximately 30,000 megawatts of electric generating capacity, including 8,000 megawatts of nuclear power. Entergy delivers electricity to 2.9 million utility customers in Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas. Entergy has annual revenues of $11 billion and approximately 13,600 employees. entergy.com facebook.com/Entergy Twitter: @Entergy SOURCE Entergy Corporation Related Links http://www.entergy.com
Equitrans Midstream Corporation (ETRN) has a premier asset footprint in the Appalachian Basin and, as the parent company of EQM Midstream Partners, is one of the largest natural gas gatherers in the United States. Through its strategically located assets in the Marcellus and Utica regions, ETRN has an operational focus on gas transmission and storage systems, gas gathering systems, and water services that support natural gas development and production across the Basin. With a rich 135-year history in the energy industry, ETRN was launched as a standalone company in 2018 with the vision to be the premier midstream services provider in North America. ETRN is helping to meet America?€?s growing need for clean-burning energy, while also providing a rewarding workplace and enriching the communities where its employees live and work.
Etsy, Inc. operates online and offline marketplaces to buy and sell handmade items, vintage goods, and craft supplies. Its platform connects sellers and buyers to sell or buy products for art, home and living, mobile accessories, jewelry, wedding, and others. The company was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Brooklyn, New York. It has additional offices in Berlin, Germany; Dublin, Ireland; Hudson, New York; London, United Kingdom; Melbourne, Australia; Paris, France; San Francisco, California; and Toronto, Canada.
Entasis Therapeutics Holdings Inc
Eucrates Biomedical Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord & 1/3 War)
Euronav NV, together with its subsidiaries, owns, operates, and manages a fleet of vessels for the transportation and storage of crude oil and petroleum products worldwide. The company operates through two segments: Tankers; and Floating Production, Storage, and Offloading/Floating, Storage, and Offloading (FPSO/FSO). As of April 27, 2015, it owned and operated a fleet of 53 double hulled vessels, including 1 ultra large crude carrier; 2 floating, storage, and offloading (FSO) vessels; 27 very large crude carriers; and 23 suezmaxes. The company also offers a range of ship management services, such as technical; fleet personnel management of experienced officers and crew; health, safety, quality, and environmental protection management system; insurance and claims handling; and sourcing of bunkering, equipment, and services. In addition, its ship management services also comprise financial, information technology, human resources, and legal services; project management for new building supervision, including pre- and post-contract consultancy and technical support, as well as FSO conversions; commercial management; and operational management. The company was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in Antwerp, Belgium.
The Fund seeks to track the investments results of the Bloomberg Barclays MSCI US Universal Choice ESG Screened Index (the ?€?Underlying Index?€?), which has been developed by Bloomberg Barclays Capital Inc. (the ?€?Index Provider?€? or ?€?Bloomberg Barclays?€?) with environmental, social and governance (?€?ESG?€?) rating inputs from MSCI ESG Research LLC (?€?MSCI ESG Research?€?) pursuant to an agreement between MSCI ESG Research and Bloomberg Index Services Limited (a subsidiary of Bloomberg Barclays) or an affiliate. The Underlying Index is a modified market value-weighted index designed to reflect the performance of U.S. dollar-denominated, taxable bonds with favorable ESG ratings while applying extensive screens, including, for example, a screen which focuses on removing fossil fuel exposure. To construct the Underlying Index, Bloomberg Barclays begins with the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Universal Index (the ?€?Parent Index?€?).The Parent Index includes securities with at least one year until final maturity, without regard to optionality features such as call provisions or conversion provisions. The Parent Index includes Treasury securities, government-related securities (i.e., U.S. and non-U.S. agency debt securities, and non-U.S. sovereign, quasi-sovereign, supranational and local authority debt), investment-grade and high yield (as well as unrated) corporate bonds, U.S. agency mortgage-backed pass-through securities (?€?MBS?€?), commercial mortgage-backed securities, asset backed securities, Eurodollar bonds, bonds registered with the SEC or exempt from registration at the time of issuance or offered pursuant to Rule 144A with or without registration rights and U.S. dollar-denominated emerging market bonds.From the Parent Index, Bloomberg Barclays?€? excludes issuers with unfavorable ESG ratings, as calculated by MSCI ESG Research, and then further-excludes securities of issuers involved in adult entertainment, alcohol, gambling, tobacco, genetic engineering, controversial weapons, nuclear weapons, civilian firearms, conventional weapons, palm oil, private prisons, predatory lending, and nuclear power based on revenue or percentage of revenue thresholds for certain categories (e.g. $500 million or 50%) and categorical exclusions for others (e.g. nuclear weapons). Bloomberg Barclays screens companies with involvement to fossil fuels by excluding any company in the Bloomberg energy sector and all companies with an industry tie to fossil fuels such as thermal coal, oil and gas?€?in particular, reserve ownership, related revenues and power generation. Additionally, Bloomberg Barclays excludes companies involved in very serious business controversies.For each industry, MSCI ESG Research identifies key ESG issues that can lead to unexpected costs for entities in the medium- to long-term (e.g., climate change, resource scarcity, demographic shifts). MSCI ESG Research then calculates the size of each entity's exposure to each key issue based on the entity's business segment and geographic risk and analyzes the extent to which such entities have developed robust strategies and programs to manage ESG risks and opportunities. MSCI ESG Research scores entities based on both their risk exposure and risk management. To score well on a key issue, MSCI ESG Research assesses management practices, management performance (through demonstrated track record and other quantitative performance indicators), governance structures, and/or implications in controversies, which all may be taken as a proxy for overall management quality. Controversies, including, among other things, issues involving anti-competitive practices, toxic emissions and waste, and health and safety, occurring within the last three years lead to a deduction from the overall management score on each issue. Using a sector-specific key issue weighting model, entities are rated and ranked in comparison to their industry peers. Key issues and weights are reviewed at the end of each calendar year. Corporate governance is always weighted and analyzed for all entities. As of June 1, 2020, a significant portion of the Underlying Index is represented by U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities and U.S. Treasury bonds. The components of the Underlying Index are likely to change over time. The securities in the Underlying Index are updated on the last business day of each month.BFA uses a ?€?passive?€? or indexing approach to try to achieve the Fund?€?s investment objective. Unlike many investment companies, the Fund does not try to ?€?beat?€? the index it tracks and does not seek temporary defensive positions when markets decline or appear overvalued.Indexing may eliminate the chance that the Fund will substantially outperform the Underlying Index but also may reduce some of the risks of active management, such as poor security selection. Indexing seeks to achieve lower costs and better after-tax performance by aiming to keep portfolio turnover low in comparison to actively managed investment companies.BFA uses a representative sampling indexing strategy to manage the Fund. ?€?Representative sampling?€? is an indexing strategy that involves investing in a representative sample of securities that collectively has an investment profile similar to that of an applicable underlying index. The securities selected are expected to have, in the aggregate, investment characteristics (based on factors such as market value and industry weightings), fundamental characteristics (such as return variability, duration, maturity, credit ratings and yield) and liquidity measures similar to those of an applicable underlying index. The Fund may or may not hold all of the securities in the Underlying Index.The Fund generally will invest at least 90% of its assets in the component securities of the Underlying Index and may invest up to 10% of its assets in certain futures, options and swap contracts, cash and cash equivalents, including shares of money market funds advised by BFA or its affiliates (?€?BlackRock Cash Funds?€?), as well as in securities not included in the Underlying Index, but which BFA believes will help the Fund track the Underlying Index. From time to time when conditions warrant, however, the Fund may invest at least 80% of its assets in the component securities of the Underlying Index and may invest up to 20% of its assets in certain futures, options and swap contracts, cash and cash equivalents, including shares of BlackRock Cash Funds, as well as in securities not included in the Underlying Index, but which BFA believes will help the Fund track the Underlying Index. The Fund seeks to track the investment results of the Underlying Index before fees and expenses of the Fund.The Fund may lend securities representing up to one-third of the value of the Fund's total assets (including the value of any collateral received).The Underlying Index is sponsored by Bloomberg Barclays, MSCI ESG Research or their affiliates, which are independent of the Fund and BFA. The Index Provider determines the composition and relative weightings of the securities in the Underlying Index and publishes information regarding the market value of the Underlying Index.Industry Concentration Policy. The Fund will concentrate its investments (i.e., hold 25% or more of its total assets) in a particular industry or group of industries to approximately the same extent that the Underlying Index is concentrated. For purposes of this limitation, securities of the U.S. government (including its agencies and instrumentalities), repurchase agreements collateralized by U.S. government securities, and securities of state or municipal governments and their political subdivisions are not considered to be issued by members of any industry.
Eaton Vance provides advanced investment strategies and wealth management solutions to forward-thinking investors around the world. Through principal investment affiliates Eaton Vance Management, Parametric, Atlanta Capital, Calvert and Hexavest, the Company offers a diversity of investment approaches, encompassing bottom-up and top-down fundamental active management, responsible investing, systematic investing and customized implementation of client-specified portfolio exposures. The Company's wealth management affiliate, Eaton Vance WaterOak Advisors, provides customized, high-touch wealth management and investment services to high-net-worth and institutional clients. As of September 30, 2020, Eaton Vance had consolidated assets under management of $517.0 billion. Exemplary service, timely innovation and attractive returns across market cycles have been hallmarks of Eaton Vance since 1924.
Enviva Partners, LP is a publicly traded master limited partnership that aggregates a natural resource, wood fiber, and processes it into a transportable form, wood pellets. The Partnership sells a significant majority of its wood pellets through long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with creditworthy customers in the United Kingdom and Europe. The Partnership owns and operates nine plants with a combined production capacity of approximately 4.9 million MTPY in Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, and Florida. In addition, the Partnership exports wood pellets through its marine terminals at the Port of Chesapeake, Virginia and the Port of Wilmington, North Carolina and from third-party marine terminals in Savannah, Georgia, Mobile, Alabama, and Panama City, Florida.
Everbridge, Inc. is a global software company that provides enterprise software applications that automate and accelerate organizations?€? operational response to critical events in order Keep People Safe and Businesses Running???. During public safety threats such as active shooter situations, terrorist attacks or severe weather conditions, as well as critical business events including IT outages, cyber-attacks or other incidents such as product recalls or supply-chain interruptions, over 5,300 global customers rely on the Company?€?s Critical Event Management Platform to quickly and reliably aggregate and assess threat data, locate people at risk and responders able to assist, automate the execution of pre-defined communications processes through the secure delivery to over 100 different communication devices, and track progress on executing response plans. Everbridge serves 8 of the 10 largest U.S. cities, 9 of the 10 largest U.S.-based investment banks, 47 of the 50 busiest North American airports, 9 of the 10 largest global consulting firms, 8 of the 10 largest global automakers, 9 of the 10 largest U.S.-based health care providers, and 7 of the 10 largest technology companies in the world. Everbridge is based in Boston with additional offices in 14 cities around the globe.
Evans Bancorp, Inc. is a financial holding company. The Company's primary business is the operation of its subsidiaries. The Company has two direct wholly owned subsidiaries: Evans Bank, N.A. (Evans Bank or the Bank), which provides a range of banking services to consumer and commercial customers in Western New York, and Evans National Financial Services, LLC (ENFS), which owns 100% in The Evans Agency, LLC (TEA). The banking business segment includes both commercial and consumer banking services, including an array of lending and depository services. The insurance agency segment includes the activities of selling various premium-based insurance policies on a commission basis, including business and personal insurance, surety bonds, risk management, life, disability and long-term care coverage, as well as providing claims adjusting services to various insurance companies and offering non-deposit investment products, such as annuities and mutual funds.
Entravision is a diversified global marketing, technology, and media company serving clients throughout the United States and in more than 20 countries across Latin America, Europe, and Asia. Our dynamic portfolio of services includes cutting-edge, proprietary marketing technologies and platforms, along with leading media and marketing audience-centric assets in the U.S., including 54 television stations and 49 Spanish-language radio stations that feature nationally recognized, award-winning talent. Entravision is the largest affiliate group of the Univision and UniM??s television networks. In addition to broadcast, we offer mobile programmatic solutions and demand-side platforms, which allow advertisers to execute performance campaigns using machine-learned bidding algorithms to identify the ideal combination of creative assets, audience targeting, and pricing. Shares of Entravision Class A Common Stock trade on The New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol: EVC.
EverQuote operates a leading online insurance marketplace, connecting consumers with insurance providers. The company's mission is to empower insurance shoppers to better protect life's most important assets?€?their family, property, and future. Our vision is to use data and technology to make insurance simpler, more affordable and personalized ultimately reducing cost and risk.
Evofem Biosciences, Inc., is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to developing and commercializing innovative products to address unmet needs in women's sexual and reproductive health, including hormone-free, woman-controlled contraception and protection from certain sexually transmitted infections (STIs). The Company's first commercial product, Phexxi??? (lactic acid, citric acid and potassium bitartrate), is the first and only hormone-free, prescription vaginal gel approved in??the United States??for the prevention of pregnancy. The Company is evaluating EVO100 in a??Phase 3 clinical trial,??' EVOGUARD,' for the prevention of urogenital Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae infection in women.
Evogene, is a leading computational biology company focused on revolutionizing product discovery and development in multiple life-science based industries, including human health and agriculture, through the use of its broadly applicable Computational Predictive Biology (CPB) platform. The CPB platform, incorporating a deep understanding of biology leveraged through the power of Big Data and Artificial Intelligence, has been designed to computationally discover and uniquely guide the development of life-science products based on microbes, small molecules and genetic elements.
Evolent Health delivers proven clinical and administrative solutions that improve whole-person health while making health care simpler and more affordable. Our solutions encompass total cost of care management, specialty care management, and administrative simplification. Evolent serves a national base of leading payers and providers, is the first company to receive the National Committee for Quality Assurance's Population Health Program Accreditation, and is consistently recognized as a top place to work in health care nationally.
EnviroStar, Inc. through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Steiner-Atlantic Corp. (Steiner), distributes commercial and industrial laundry and drycleaning equipment and steam and hot waters boilers manufactured by others; supplies replacement parts and accessories and provides maintenance services to its customers, and designs and plans laundry, drycleaning and boiler systems to meet the layout, volume and budget needs of its diversified institutional, retail, industrial and commercial customers. The Company, through its DRYCLEAN USA License Corp. wholly-owned indirect subsidiary, owns the global rights to the name DRYCLEAN USA, which the Company franchises and licenses to retail drycleaners in the United States, the Caribbean and Latin America. DRYCLEAN USA Development Corp., a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary, enters into leases for new retail drycleaning establishments for resale to third parties.
Based in Nanjing, China, Ever-Glory International Group, Inc. is a retailer of branded fashion apparel and a leading global apparel supply chain solution provider. Ever-Glory is the first Chinese apparel Company listed on the American Stock Exchange (now named as NYSE MKT) in July 2008 and then transferred to The NASDAQ Global Market on December 31, 2015. Ever-Glory offers apparel to woman in China under its own brands "La go go", "Velwin", "Sea To Sky" and "idole". Ever-Glory is also a leading global apparel supply chain solution provider with a focus on middle-to-high end casual wear, outerwear, and sportswear brands. Ever-Glory services a number of well-known brands and retail stores by providing a complete set of supply chain management services, including: fabric development and design, sampling, sourcing, quality control, manufacturing, logistics, customs clearance and distribution.
Evelo Biosciences Inc
Evoke is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused primarily on the commercialization and development of drugs to treat GI disorders and diseases. The Company developed GIMOTI, a nasal spray formulation of metoclopramide, for the relief of symptoms associated with acute and recurrent diabetic gastroparesis in adults. GIMOTI is available by prescription through the Evoke Assist ??? patient support center.
?? Evolving Systems, Inc. is a provider of real-time digital engagement solutions and services to more than 100 customers in over 60 countries worldwide. The Company?€?s portfolio includes market-leading solutions and services for real-time analytics, customer acquisition, customer value management and loyalty for telecom, retail and financial services companies. Founded in 1985, the Company has its headquarters in Englewood, Colorado, with offices in Asia, Europe, Africa, South America and North America.
EVO Payments Inc - Ordinary Shares - Class A
Evercore is a premier global independent investment banking advisory firm. We are dedicated to helping our clients achieve superior results through trusted independent and innovative advice on matters of strategic significance to boards of directors, management teams and shareholders, including mergers and acquisitions, strategic shareholder advisory, restructurings, and capital structure. Evercore also assists clients in raising public and private capital and delivers equity research and equity sales and agency trading execution, in addition to providing wealth and investment management services to high net worth and institutional investors. Founded in 1995, the Firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices and affiliate offices in major financial centers in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East and Asia.
Evergy, Inc., provides clean, safe and reliable energy to 1.6 million customers in Kansas and Missouri. The 2018 combination of KCP&L and Westar Energy to form Evergy created a leading energy company that provides value to shareholders and a stronger company for customers. Evergy?€?s mission is to empower a better future. Today, half the power supplied to homes and businesses by Evergy comes from emission-free sources, creating more reliable energy with less impact to the environment. We will continue to innovate and adopt new technologies that give our customers better ways to manage their energy use.
Everi is a leading supplier of imaginative entertainment and trusted technology solutions for the casino and digital gaming industry. With a focus on both casino operators and players, the Company develops entertaining games and gaming machines, gaming systems and services, and is the preeminent and most comprehensive provider of core financial products and services, player loyalty tools and applications, and intelligence and regulatory compliance solutions. Everi?€?s mission is to provide our casino customers with games that facilitate memorable player experiences, offer seamless and secure financial transactions for casino operators and their patrons, and deliver software tools and applications to improve casino operations efficiencies and fulfill regulatory compliance requirements. Everi provides these products and services in its effort to help make customers successful.
Evertec, is a leading transaction processing services company in Latin America, which provides a wide range of merchant transaction acquisition, payment processing and business process management services. The company operates an electronic payment network system that processes more than 2 billion transactions annually and provides a comprehensive suite of banking solution processing, cash processing and technology outsourcing services. In addition, Evertec owns and operates the ATH ?? Network, one of the main debit networks with a personal identification number in Latin America. Headquartered in Puerto Rico, it offers services in 26 Latin American countries and serves a wide and diverse portfolio of clients from the main financial institutions, businesses, corporations, and government agencies, offering mission-critical technology solutions.
Edwards Lifesciences, based in Irvine, Calif., is the global leader of patient-focused medical innovations for structural heart disease and critical care monitoring. We are driven by a passion for patients, dedicated to improving and enhancing lives through partnerships with clinicians and stakeholders across the global healthcare landscape.
East West Bancorp, Inc. (East West) is a bank holding company. East West's principal business is to serve as a holding company for East West Bank (the Bank) and other banking or banking-related subsidiaries. In addition to the Bank, the Company has 8 other subsidiaries, namely East West Insurance Services, East West Capital Statutory Trust III, East West Capital Trust IV, East West Capital Trust V, East West Capital Trust VI, East West Capital Trust VII, East West Capital Trust VIII, and East West Capital Trust IX. At December 31, 2012, the Bank has four wholly owned subsidiaries. E-W Services, Inc. holds property used by the Bank in its operations. The secondary subsidiary, East-West Investments, Inc., primarily acts as a trustee in connection with real estate secured loans. The remaining subsidiaries are East West Bank (China) Limited and East West Securities Investment Consulting Co., Ltd. (Taiwan).
Exact Sciences Corporation is a molecular diagnostics company focused on the early detection and prevention of colorectal cancer. The Company's Cologuard test is a non-invasive, stool-based DNA (sDNA) screening test designed to detect deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) markers, which in published studies have been shown to be associated with colorectal cancer. In addition to DNA markers, its test includes a protein marker to detect blood in the stool, utilizing an antibody-based fecal immunochemical test (FIT). The Company's Cologuard test is designed to detect pre-cancerous lesions or polyps, and each of the four stages of colorectal cancer. The target sensitivity rate of its Cologuard test for cancer is equal to or greater than 85% at a specificity of 90%.
Exelon Generation, a subsidiary of Exelon Corporation, is the nation?€?s largest producer of carbon-free energy, powering more than 20 million homes and businesses through a diverse generation fleet with more than 31,000 megawatts of capacity. Exelon Generation operates the largest U.S. fleet of zero-carbon nuclear plants with more than 18,700 megawatts from 21 reactors at 12 facilities in Illinois, Maryland, New York and Pennsylvania. It also operates a diverse mix of wind, solar, landfill gas, hydroelectric, natural gas and oil facilities in 19 states with more than 12,300 megawatts. Exelon Generation sets the standard for world-class power plant operations that produce clean, safe, reliable electricity, and is an active partner and economic engine in the communities it serves by providing jobs, charitable contributions and tax payments that help towns and regions grow. Follow Exelon Generation on Twitter @ExelonGen, view the Exelon Generation YouTube channel or visit exeloncorp.com.
Founded in 1994, Exelixis, Inc. is a commercially successful, oncology-focused biotechnology company that strives to accelerate the discovery, development and commercialization of new medicines for difficult-to-treat cancers. Following early work in model system genetics, we established a broad drug discovery and development platform that has served as the foundation for our continued efforts to bring new cancer therapies to patients in need. Our discovery efforts have resulted in four commercially available products, CABOMETYX ?? (cabozantinib), COMETRIQ ?? (cabozantinib), COTELLIC ?? (cobimetinib) and MINNEBRO ?? (esaxerenone), and we have entered into partnerships with leading pharmaceutical companies to bring these important medicines to patients worldwide. Supported by revenues from our marketed products and collaborations, we are committed to prudently reinvesting in our business to maximize the potential of our pipeline. We are supplementing our existing therapeutic assets with targeted business development activities and internal drug discovery - all to deliver the next generation of Exelixis medicines and help patients recover stronger and live longer. Exelixis is a member of Standard & Poor?€?s (S&P) MidCap 400 index, which measures the performance of profitable mid-sized companies.
EXFO Inc. (formerly EXFO Electro-Optical Engineering Inc.) is a provider of next-generation test and service assurance solutions for wireless and wireline network operators and equipment manufacturers. The Company offers core-to-edge solutions that assess the performance and reliability of converged, Internet protocol (IP) fixed and mobile networks. Its test and service assurance solutions are used during the life cycle of a network: research, development, manufacturing, installation, maintenance and monitoring. The Life Sciences and Industrial Division was sold to private interests in October 2010. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2010 (fiscal 2010), the Company launched 20 new products. In September 2010, it purchased premises in Magarpatta, Pune, India. On March 12, 2010, it wholly owned subsidiary, EXFO Finland Oy, acquired 91% of the issued and outstanding common shares of NetHawk Oyj.
?€? Endeavour Silver Corp. is a mid-tier precious metals mining company that owns and operates three high-grade, underground, silver-gold mines in Mexico. Endeavour is currently advancing the Terronera Mine project towards a development decision and exploring its portfolio of exploration and development projects in Mexico and Chile to facilitate its goal to become a premier senior silver producer. Our philosophy of corporate social integrity creates value for all stakeholders. SOURCE Endeavour Silver Corp.
EXL is a leading operations management and analytics company that helps our clients build and grow sustainable businesses. By orchestrating our domain expertise, data, analytics and digital technology, we look deeper to design and manage agile, customer-centric operating models to improve global operations, drive profitability, enhance customer satisfaction, increase data-driven insights, and manage risk and compliance. Headquartered in New York, EXL has approximately 31,800 professionals in locations throughout the United States, the UK, Europe, India, the Philippines, Colombia, Australia and South Africa. EXL serves multiple industries including insurance, healthcare, banking and financial services, utilities, travel, transportation and logistics, media and retail, among others.
No Description Available
Eagle Materials Inc. manufactures and distributes Portland Cement, Gypsum Wallboard, Recycled Gypsum Paperboard and Concrete and Aggregates from more than 70 facilities across the US. Eagle?€?s corporate headquarters is in Dallas, Texas.

Experience Investment Corp Units 1 Ord Class A & 13 War
Experience Investment Corp Warrants 01092026
Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. is engaged in the business of providing global logistics services. The Company offers its customers a seamless international network supporting the movement and strategic positioning of goods. The Company's services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight. In each United States office, and in many overseas offices, the Company acts as a customs broker. The Company also provides additional services including value-added distribution, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, domestic time definite transportation services, purchase order management and customized logistics solutions.
Expedia Group helps knock down the barriers to travel, making it easier, more enjoyable, more attainable and more accessible. We are here to bring the world within reach for customers and partners around the globe. We leverage our platform and technology capabilities across an extensive portfolio of businesses and brands to orchestrate the movement of people and the delivery of travel experiences on both a local and global basis. Our family of travel brands includes: Brand Expedia??, Hotels.com??, Expedia?? Partner Solutions, Vrbo??, Egencia??, trivago??, HomeAway??, Orbitz??, Travelocity??, Hotwire??, Wotif??, ebookers??, CheapTickets??, Expedia Group??? Media Solutions, Expedia Local Expert??, CarRentals.com???, Expedia?? CruiseShipCenters??, Classic Vacations??, Traveldoo??, VacationRentals.com and SilverRail???. ?? 2020 Expedia, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners. CST: 2029030-50
eXp World Holdings, Inc. owns eXp Realty and Virbela. eXp Realty, The Real Estate Cloud Brokerage, is one of the fastest-growing, global residential real estate companies with more than 38,000 agents in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia and South Africa. As a subsidiary of a publicly traded company, eXp Realty uniquely offers real estate professionals within its ranks opportunities to earn eXp World Holdings stock for production and contributions to overall company growth. Virbela is an immersive technology platform for business, events and education. Its modern, cloud-based environment provides a virtual experience for workers, attendees, students and more to communicate, collaborate, meet and socialize.
Exponent is an engineering and scientific consulting firm providing solutions to complex problems. Exponent's interdisciplinary organization of scientists, physicians, engineers, and business consultants draws from more than 90 technical disciplines to solve the most pressing and complicated challenges facing stakeholders today. The firm leverages over 50 years of experience in analyzing accidents and failures to advise clients as they innovate their technologically complex products and processes, ensure the safety and health of their users, and address the challenges of sustainability.
Express is a modern, versatile, dual gender apparel and accessories brand that helps people get dressed for every day and any occasion. Launched in 1980 with the idea that style, quality and value should all be found in one place, Express has always been a brand of the now, offering some of the most important and enduring fashion trends. Express aims to Create Confidence & Inspire Self-Expression through a design & merchandising view that brings forward The Best of Now for Real Life Versatility. The company operates over 500 retail and factory outlet stores in the United States and Puerto Rico, as well as an online store. Express, Inc. is traded on the NYSE under the symbol EXPR.
Extra Space Storage Inc., headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah, is a??self-administered and self-managed REIT and a member of the S&P 500. As of December??31, 2019, the Company owned and/or operated 1,817 self-storage stores in 40 states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico. The Company's stores comprise approximately 1.3 million units and approximately 140.0 million??square feet of rentable space. The Company offers customers a wide selection of conveniently located and secure storage units across the country, including boat storage, RV storage and business storage. The Company is the second largest owner and/or operator of self-storage stores in the United States and is the largest self-storage management company in the United States. Extra Space Storage Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except share data) December??31, 2019 December??31, 2018 (Unaudited) Assets: Real estate assets, net $ 7,696,864 $ 7,491,831 Real estate assets - operating lease right-of-use assets 264,643 ?€? Investments in unconsolidated real estate entities 338,054 125,326 Cash and cash equivalents 65,746 57,496 Restricted cash 4,987 15,194 Other assets, net 162,083 158,131 Total assets $ 8,532,377 $ 7,847,978 Liabilities, Noncontrolling Interests and Equity: Notes payable, net $ 4,318,973 $ 4,137,213 Exchangeable senior notes, net 569,513 562,374 Notes payable to trusts ?€? 30,928 Revolving lines of credit 158,000 81,000 Operating lease liabilities 274,783 ?€? Cash distributions in unconsolidated real estate ventures 45,264 45,197 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 111,382 101,461 Other liabilities 132,768 104,383 Total liabilities 5,610,683 5,062,556 Commitments and contingencies Noncontrolling Interests and Equity: Extra Space Storage Inc. stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding ?€? ?€? Common stock, $0.01 par value, 500,000,000 shares authorized, 129,534,407 and 127,103,750 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, respectively 1,295 1,271 Additional paid-in capital 2,868,681 2,640,705 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (28,966) 34,650 Accumulated deficit (301,049) (262,902) Total Extra Space Storage Inc. stockholders' equity 2,539,961 2,413,724 Noncontrolling interest represented by Preferred Operating Partnership units, net 175,948 153,096 Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership, net and other noncontrolling interests 205,785 218,602 Total noncontrolling interests and equity 2,921,694 2,785,422 Total liabilities, noncontrolling interests and equity $ 8,532,377 $ 7,847,978 Consolidated Statement of Operations for the Three Months and Year Ended December??31, 2019 and 2018 (In thousands, except share and per share data) - Unaudited For the Three Months Ended December 31, For the Year Ended December 31, 2019 2018 2019 2018 Revenues: Property rental $ 288,673 $ 266,598 $ 1,130,177 $ 1,039,340 Tenant reinsurance 33,301 29,847 128,387 115,507 Management fees and other income 13,827 10,908 49,890 41,757 Total revenues 335,801 307,353 1,308,454 1,196,604 Expenses: Property operations 87,762 72,207 336,050 291,695 Tenant reinsurance 7,783 6,909 29,376 25,707 General and administrative 20,870 18,434 89,418 81,256 Depreciation and amortization 54,741 53,126 219,857 209,050 Total expenses 171,156 150,676 674,701 607,708 Gain on real estate transactions ?€? ?€? 1,205 30,807 Income from operations 164,645 156,677 634,958 619,703 Interest expense (44,810) (48,197) (186,526) (178,436) Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes (1,209) (1,162) (4,742) (4,687) Interest income 1,562 1,295 7,467 5,292 Income before equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures and income tax expense 120,188 108,613 451,157 441,872 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 2,819 3,804 11,274 14,452 Income tax expense (2,728) (3,167) (11,308) (9,244) Net income 120,279 109,250 451,123 447,080 Net income allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests (3,113) (3,390) (12,492) (13,995) Net income allocated to Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests (4,884) (4,398) (18,664) (17,796) Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 112,282 $ 101,462 $ 419,967 $ 415,289 Earnings per common share Basic $ 0.87 $ 0.80 $ 3.27 $ 3.29 Diluted $ 0.86 $ 0.80 $ 3.24 $ 3.27 Weighted average number of shares Basic 129,313,513 126,466,837 128,203,568 126,087,487 Diluted 137,436,403 134,240,290 136,433,769 133,159,033 Reconciliation of GAAP Net Income to Total Same-Store Net Operating Income ?€? for the Three Months and Year Ended December??31, 2019 and 2018?? (In thousands) ?€? Unaudited For the Three Months Ended December 31, For the Year Ended December 31, 2019 2018 2019 2018 Net Income $ 120,279 $ 109,250 $ 451,123 $ 447,080 Adjusted to exclude: (Gain) on real estate transactions ?€? ?€? (1,205) (30,807) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures (2,819) (3,804) (11,274) (14,452) Interest expense 46,019 49,359 191,268 183,123 Depreciation and amortization 54,741 53,126 219,857 209,050 Income tax expense 2,728 3,167 11,308 9,244 General and administrative 20,870 18,434 89,418 81,256 Management fees, other income and interest income (15,389) (12,203) (57,357) (47,049) Net tenant insurance (25,518) (22,938) (99,011) (89,800) Non same-store rental revenues (29,175) (13,520) (97,356) (41,116) Non same-store operating expenses 15,357 4,304 46,064 15,228 Total same-store net operating income $ 187,093 $ 185,175 $ 742,835 $ 721,757 Same-store rental revenues 259,498 253,078 1,032,821 998,224 Same-store operating expenses 72,405 67,903 289,986 276,467 Same-store net operating income $ 187,093 $ 185,175 $ 742,835 $ 721,757 Reconciliation of the Range of Estimated GAAP Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share to Estimated Fully Diluted FFO Per Share ?€? for the Three Months Ending March 31, 2020 and Year Ending December 31, 2020 ?€? Unaudited For the Three Months Ending March 31, 2020 For the Year Ending December 31, 2020 Low End High End Low End High End Net income attributable to common stockholders per diluted share $ 0.73 $ 0.75 $ 3.15 $ 3.24 Income allocated to noncontrolling interest - Preferred Operating Partnership and Operating Partnership 0.05 0.05 0.23 0.23 Fixed component of income allocated to non-controlling interest - Preferred Operating Partnership (0.01) (0.01) (0.02) (0.02) Net income attributable to common stockholders for diluted computations 0.77 0.79 3.36 3.45 Adjustments: Real estate depreciation 0.38 0.38 1.51 1.51 Amortization of intangibles ?€? ?€? 0.02 0.02 Unconsolidated joint venture real estate depreciation and amortization 0.02 0.02 0.07 0.07 Funds from operations attributable to common stockholders 1.17 1.19 4.96 5.05 Adjustments: Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity portion of exchangeable senior notes 0.01 0.01 0.03 0.03 Core funds from operations attributable to common stockholders $ 1.18 $ 1.20 $ 4.99 $ 5.08 Reconciliation of Estimated GAAP Net Income to Estimated Same-Store Net Operating Income ?€? for the Year Ending December 31, 2020 (In thousands) ?€? Unaudited For the Year Ending December 31, 2020 Low High Net Income $ 470,000 $ 491,000 Adjusted to exclude: Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures (12,500) (13,500) Interest expense (includes non-cash) 184,500 182,500 Depreciation and amortization 222,000 222,000 Income tax expense 14,000 13,000 General and administrative 97,000 96,000 Management fees, other income and interest income (69,000) (70,000) Net tenant insurance (107,000) (108,000) Non same-store rental revenues (76,000) (76,000) Non same-store operating expenses 48,000 48,000 Total same-store net operating income $ 771,000 $ 785,000 Same-store rental revenues $ 1,093,000 $ 1,104,000 Same-store operating expenses (322,000) (319,000) Total same-store net operating income $ 771,000 $ 785,000 SOURCE Extra Space Storage Inc. Related Links http://www.extraspace.com
Exterran Corporation?? is a global systems and process company offering solutions in the oil, gas, water and power markets. We are a leader in natural gas processing and treatment and compression products and services, providing critical midstream infrastructure solutions to customers throughout the world. Exterran Corporation??is headquartered in??Houston, Texas??and operates in approximately 25 countries.
Extreme Networks, Inc. ( EXTR ) creates effortless networking experiences that enable all of us to advance. We push the boundaries of technology leveraging the powers of machine learning, artificial intelligence, analytics, and automation. Over 50,000 customers globally trust our end-to-end, cloud-driven networking solutions and rely on our top-rated services and support to accelerate their digital transformation efforts and deliver progress like never before. For more information, visit Extreme's website or follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook. Extreme Networks and the Extreme Networks logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Extreme Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. Other trademarks shown herein are the property of their respective owners. SOURCE Extreme Networks, Inc. Related Links http://www.extremenetworks.com
National Vision Holdings, Inc. is one of the largest optical retail companies in the United States with over 1,100 stores in 44 states plus the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. With a mission of helping people by making quality eye care and eyewear more affordable and accessible, the company operates five retail brands: America?€?s Best Contacts & Eyeglasses, Eyeglass World, Vision Centers inside select Walmart stores, and Vista Opticals inside select Fred Meyer stores and on select military bases, and several e-commerce websites, offering a variety of products and services for customers?€? eye care needs.
Eyegate Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a clinical-stage specialty pharmaceutical company, focuses on developing and commercializing therapeutics and drug delivery systems for treating eye diseases. The company is developing EGP-437 that has completed Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of non-infectious anterior uveitis, a form of intraocular inflammation of the anterior portion of the uvea. It is also developing Eyegate II drug delivery system. Eyegate Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is based in Waltham, Massachusetts.
Eyenovia, Inc. is a clinical stage ophthalmic biopharmaceutical company developing a pipeline of microdose array print (MAP???) therapeutics. Eyenovia?€?s pipeline is currently focused on the late-stage development of microdosed medications for presbyopia, myopia progression and mydriasis.
Second Sight Medical Products, Inc. develops, manufactures and markets implantable visual prosthetics that are intended to deliver useful artificial vision to blind individuals. A recognized global leader in neuromodulation devices for blindness, the Company is committed to developing new technologies to treat the broadest population of sight-impaired individuals. The Company?€?s headquarters are in Los Angeles, California.

EyePoint Pharmaceuticals Inc
Formed in 1989, EZCORP has grown into a leading provider of pawn loans in the United States and Latin America. We also sell merchandise, primarily collateral forfeited from pawn lending operations and used merchandise purchased from customers. We are dedicated to satisfying the short-term cash needs of consumers who are both cash and credit constrained, focusing on an industry-leading customer experience. EZCORP is traded on NASDAQ under the symbol EZPW and is a member of the Russell 2000 Index, S&P 1000 Index and Nasdaq Composite Index.
Ford Motor Company is a global company based in Dearborn, Michigan. The company designs, manufactures, markets and services a full line of Ford cars, trucks, SUVs, electrified vehicles and Lincoln luxury vehicles, provides financial services through Ford Motor Credit Company and is pursuing leadership positions in electrification; mobility solutions, including self-driving services; and connected services. Ford employs approximately 188,000 people worldwide.
Ford Motor Company 6.20 Notes due June 1 2059

First American Financial Corporation is a leading provider of title insurance, settlement services and risk solutions for real estate transactions that traces its heritage back to 1889. First American also provides title plant management services; title and other real property records and images; valuation products and services; home warranty products; property and casualty insurance; banking, trust and wealth management services; and other related products and services. With total revenue of $6.2 billion in 2019, the company offers its products and services directly and through its agents throughout the United States and abroad. In 2020, First American was named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For ?? list for the fifth consecutive year.

Fortress Value Acquisition Corp II - Warrants (10/08/2027)
Fortress Value Acquisition Corp. II Units each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and onefifth of one Warrant
Headquartered in Lishui, Zhejiang, Farmmi, Inc., is a leading agricultural products supplier, processor and retailer of Shiitake mushrooms, Mu Er mushrooms, other edible fungi, and many other sought-after agricultural products. The Company's Farmmi Liangpin Market serves as a trading platform for Chinese geographical indication agricultural products and is a large platform for consumers to access locally sourced agricultural products.
Diamondback is an independent oil and natural gas company headquartered in Midland, Texas focused on the acquisition, development, exploration and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves in the Permian Basin in West Texas.

Founded in 1912,??Farmer Bros. Co.??is a national coffee roaster, wholesaler and distributor of coffee, tea and culinary products. The Company's product lines include organic, Direct Trade and sustainably-produced coffee. With a robust line of coffee, hot and iced teas, cappuccino mixes, spices, and baking/biscuit mixes, the Company delivers extensive beverage planning services and culinary products to its U.S. based customers. The Company serves a wide variety of customers, from small independent restaurants and foodservice operators to foodservice distributors and large institutional buyers like restaurant, department and convenience store chains, hotels, casinos, healthcare facilities, and gourmet coffee houses, as well as grocery chains with private brand coffee and consumer branded coffee and tea products. Headquartered in??Northlake,??Texas,??Farmer Bros. Co.??generated net sales of over??$600 million??in fiscal 2018 and has approximately 1,600 employees nationwide. The Company's primary brands include Farmer Brothers ??, Artisan Collection by Farmer Brothers???, Superior ??, Metropolitan???, China Mist ?? and Boyds ??. SOURCE Farmer Bros. Co. Related Links https://www.farmerbros.com
FARO Technologies, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, markets and supports portable, software driven, three-dimensional (3-D) measurement and imaging systems used in a range of manufacturing, industrial, building construction and forensic applications. The Company has three segments based upon geographic regions: Americas, Europe/Africa and Asia Pacific. Its FaroArm, FARO Laser ScanArm and FARO Gage articulated measuring devices, the FARO Laser Tracker ION, the FARO Focus3D, the FARO 3D Imager AMP, and their companion computer-aided measurement (CAM2) software, provides Computer-Aided Design (CAD)-based inspection and factory-level statistical process control and high-density surveying. As of December 2012, the Company's products have been purchased by approximately 15,000 customers worldwide.
Fastenal helps customers simplify and realize product and process savings across their supply chain. We sell a broad offering of products spanning more than nine major product lines ?€? from fasteners and tools to safety and janitorial supplies. These products are efficiently distributed to manufacturing facilities, job sites, and other customer locations through local service teams and point-of-use inventory solutions, including industrial vending technology and bin stock programs (Fastenal Managed Inventory or FMI ?? ). Our distribution system centers on over 3,200 in-market locations (a combination of public branches and customer-specific Onsite locations), primarily in North America but also in Asia, Europe, and Central and South America, each providing tailored inventory, flexible service, and custom solutions to drive the unique goals of local customers. These in-market servicing locations are supported by fifteen regional distribution centers, a captive logistics fleet, robust sourcing, quality and manufacturing resources, and multiple teams of industry specialists and support personnel ?€? all working toward Fastenal?€?s common goal of Growth Through Customer Service ??.
FAT Brands Inc
FAT Brands Inc 8.25 Cum Pfd Ser B
FAT Brands Inc Wt Exp 06302025
The Company?€?s proprietary induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) product platform enables mass production of off-the-shelf, engineered, homogeneous cell products that can be administered with multiple doses to deliver more effective pharmacologic activity, including in combination with cycles of other cancer treatments. Human iPSCs possess the unique dual properties of unlimited self-renewal and differentiation potential into all cell types of the body. The Company?€?s first-of-kind approach involves engineering human iPSCs in a one-time genetic modification event and selecting a single engineered iPSC for maintenance as a clonal master iPSC line. Analogous to master cell lines used to manufacture biopharmaceutical drug products such as monoclonal antibodies, clonal master iPSC lines are a renewable source for manufacturing cell therapy products which are well-defined and uniform in composition, can be mass produced at significant scale in a cost-effective manner, and can be delivered off-the-shelf for patient treatment. As a result, the Company?€?s platform is uniquely capable of overcoming numerous limitations associated with the production of cell therapies using patient- or donor-sourced cells, which is logistically complex and expensive and is subject to batch-to-batch and cell-to-cell variability that can affect clinical safety and efficacy. Fate Therapeutics?€? iPSC product platform is supported by an intellectual property portfolio of over 300 issued patents and 150 pending patent applications. About Fate Therapeutics, Inc. Fate Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of first-in-class cellular immunotherapies for cancer and immune disorders. The Company has established a leadership position in the clinical development and manufacture of universal, off-the-shelf cell products using its proprietary induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) product platform. The Company?€?s immuno-oncology product candidates include natural killer (NK) cell and T-cell cancer immunotherapies, which are designed to synergize with well-established cancer therapies, including immune checkpoint inhibitors and monoclonal antibodies, and to target tumor-associated antigens with chimeric antigen receptors (CARs). The Company?€?s immuno-regulatory product candidates include ProTmune???, a pharmacologically modulated, donor cell graft that is currently being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial for the prevention of graft-versus-host disease, and a myeloid-derived suppressor cell immunotherapy for promoting immune tolerance in patients with immune disorders. Fate Therapeutics is headquartered in San Diego, CA.
Facebook, Inc. (Facebook) is engaged in building products to create utility for users, developers, and advertisers. People use Facebook to stay connected with their friends and family, to discover what is going on in the world around them, and to share and express what matters to them to the people they care about. Developers can use the Facebook Platform to build applications and Websites that integrate with Facebook to reach its global network of users and to build personalized and social products. Advertisers can engage with more than 900 million monthly active users (MAUs) on Facebook or subsets of its users based on information they have chosen to share with the Company, such as their age, location, gender, or interests. In September 2013, Mail.Ru Group Limited sold its remaining shares in Facebook Inc. Effective September 25, 2013, Facebook Inc acquired Mobile Technologies, a developer of online applications. In October 2013, Facebook Inc acquired Onavo Inc.
Flagstar Bancorp, Inc. is a $29.5 billion savings and loan holding company headquartered in Troy, Mich. Flagstar Bank, FSB, provides commercial, small business, and consumer banking services through 160 branches in Michigan, Indiana, California, Wisconsin and Ohio. It also provides home loans through a wholesale network of brokers and correspondents in all 50 states, as well as 87 retail locations in 29 states, representing the combined retail branches of Flagstar and its Opes Advisors mortgage division. Flagstar is a leading national originator and servicer of mortgage and other consumer loans, handling payments and record keeping for $227.4 billion of loans representing slightly over 1.1 million borrowers. Source: https://www.forbes.com/sites/pedrodacosta/2020/08/10/the-covid-19-crisis-has-wiped-out-nearly-half-of-black-small-businesses/#bb1ce5e43108 Contact: Susan E. Bergesen Corporate Communications (248) 312-6237 [email??protected] SOURCE Flagstar Bancorp, Inc. Related Links http://www.flagstar.com
Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc., headquartered in Deerfield, IL., creates products and services that fulfill the dreams of home. The Company's operating segments are Plumbing, Cabinets, and Doors & Security. Its trusted brands include Moen, Riobel, Perrin & Rowe, Shaws, Victoria + Albert and Rohl under the Global Plumbing Group (GPG); more than a dozen core brands under MasterBrand Cabinets; Therma-Tru entry door systems, Fiberon composite decking and Master Lock and SentrySafe security products in the Doors & Security segment. Fortune Brands holds market leadership positions in all of its segments. Fortune Brands is a Fortune 500 Company and part of the S&P 500 Index.
Fortress Biotech, Inc. (?€?Fortress?€?) is an innovative biopharmaceutical company that was ranked in Deloitte?€?s 2019 and 2020 Technology Fast 500???, annual rankings of the fastest-growing North American companies in the technology, media, telecommunications, life sciences and energy tech sectors, based on percentages of fiscal year revenue growth over three-year periods. Fortress is focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing high-potential marketed and development-stage drugs and drug candidates. The company has five marketed prescription pharmaceutical products and over 25 programs in development at Fortress, at its majority-owned and majority-controlled partners and at partners it founded and in which it holds significant minority ownership positions. Such product candidates span six large-market areas, including oncology, rare diseases and gene therapy, which allow it to create value for shareholders. Fortress advances its diversified pipeline through a streamlined operating structure that fosters efficient drug development. The Fortress model is driven by a world-class business development team that is focused on leveraging its significant biopharmaceutical industry expertise to further expand the company?€?s portfolio of product opportunities. Fortress has established partnerships with some of the world?€?s leading academic research institutions and biopharmaceutical companies to maximize each opportunity to its full potential, including Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., AstraZeneca, City of Hope, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, InvaGen Pharmaceuticals Inc. (a subsidiary of Cipla Limited), St. Jude Children?€?s Research Hospital and Nationwide Children?€?s Hospital.
Fortress Biotech Inc - 9.375% PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 - Ser A
First Business Financial Services, Inc. is a Wisconsin-based bank holding company, focused on the unique needs of businesses, business executives, and high net worth individuals. First Business offers commercial banking, specialty finance, and private wealth management solutions, and because of its niche focus, is able to provide its clients with unmatched expertise, accessibility, and responsiveness.
FB Financial Corporation is a bank holding company headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee. FB Financial Corporation operates through its wholly owned banking subsidiary, FirstBank, the third largest Tennessee -headquartered community bank, with 73 full-service bank branches across Tennessee, Kentucky, North Alabama and North Georgia, and mortgage offices across the Southeast. FirstBank serves five of the largest metropolitan markets in Tennessee and has approximately $6.7 billion in total assets. SOURCE FB Financial Corporation
No Description Available
The First Bancshares, Inc. serves as a bank holding company for The First, A National Banking Association (The First) located in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. As of December 31, 2011, the First operated its main office and two branches in Hattiesburg, one in Laurel, one in Purvis, one in Picayune, one in Pascagoula, one in Bay St. Louis, one in Wiggins and four in Gulfport, one in Biloxi, one in Long Beach and one in Diamondhead, Mississippi, as well as one branch in Bogalusa, Louisiana. The Company and its subsidiary bank engage in a general commercial and retail banking business. The First is a wholly owned subsidiary bank of the Company.
First Bancorp is a bank holding company. The Company's principal activity is the ownership and operation of First Bank (the Bank), a state-chartered bank. As of December 31, 2010, the Bank had two wholly owned subsidiaries, First Bank Insurance Services, Inc. (First Bank Insurance) and First Troy SPE, LLC. The Company engages in a range of banking activities, with the acceptance of deposits and the making of loans. For business customers, it offers repurchase agreements (also called securities sold under agreement to repurchase), which are similar to interest-bearing deposits. The Company offers credit cards, debit cards, letters of credit, safe deposit box rentals, bank money orders and electronic funds transfer services, including wire transfers. In August 2012, the Company announced the completion of the acquisition of the deposits of the Gateway Bank & Trust Co. branch located at 901 Military Cutoff Road, Wilmington, North Carolina.
First Bancorp is a bank holding company. The Company is a service provider of financial services and products with operations in Puerto Rico, the United States and the United States and British Virgin Islands. The Company has six segments: Consumer (Retail) Banking; Commercial and Corporate Banking; Mortgage Banking; Treasury and Investments; United States Operations, and Virgin Islands Operations. The Company specializes in commercial banking, residential mortgage loan originations, finance leases, personal loans, small loans, auto loans, insurance agency and broker-dealer activities. As of December 31, 2011, it controlled two wholly owned subsidiaries: FirstBank and FirstBank Insurance Agency, Inc. (FirstBank Insurance Agency). Effective May 31, 2011, the Company purchased FirstBank-branded consumer credit card portfolio from FIA Card Services, N.A. and an affiliate.
Tocagen is a clinical-stage, cancer-selective gene therapy company developing first-in-class, broadly applicable product candidates designed to activate a patient's immune system against their own cancer. Tocagen's lead investigational product candidate, Toca 511 & Toca FC, is under evaluation in a pivotal Phase 3 trial (Toca 5) for recurrent high grade glioma (HGG), a disease with significant unmet medical need. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration awarded Tocagen an orphan drug grant for the Toca 5 trial and has granted Toca 511 & Toca FC Breakthrough Therapy Designation for the treatment of recurrent HGG. The European Medicines Agency has granted Toca 511 PRIME (PRIority MEdicines) designation for the treatment of high grade glioma.
Fauquier Bankshares, through its operating subsidiary, The Fauquier Bank, is an independent community bank offering a full range of financial services, including internet banking, mobile banking, commercial, retail, insurance, wealth management, and financial planning services through eleven banking offices throughout Fauquier and Prince William counties in Virginia.
Franklin Covey Co. is a global public company, specializing in organizational performance improvement. We help organizations achieve results that require lasting changes in human behavior. Our world-class solutions enable greatness in individuals, teams, and organizations and are accessible through the FranklinCovey All Access Pass??. These solutions are available across multiple delivery modalities, including online presentations, in 21 languages. Clients have included organizations in the Fortune 100, Fortune 500, thousands of small and mid-sized businesses, numerous government entities, and educational institutions. FranklinCovey has directly owned and licensee partner offices providing professional services in more than 160 countries and territories. FRANKLIN COVEY CO. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per-share amounts, and unaudited) Quarter Ended Three Quarters Ended May 31, May 31, May 31, May 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net sales $ 37,105 $ 56,006 $ 149,463 $ 160,191 Cost of sales 10,284 16,342 41,946 48,379 Gross profit 26,821 39,664 107,517 111,812 Selling, general, and administrative 29,254 37,662 101,231 106,242 Stock-based compensation (5,104 ) 1,051 (1,460 ) 3,040 Depreciation 1,652 1,556 4,925 4,806 Amortization 1,164 1,259 3,504 3,797 Loss from operations (145 ) (1,864 ) (683 ) (6,073 ) Interest expense, net (603 ) (554 ) (1,747 ) (1,529 ) Loss before income taxes (748 ) (2,418 ) (2,430 ) (7,602 ) Income tax benefit (provision) (10,220 ) 394 (7,985 ) 704 Net loss $ (10,968 ) $ (2,024 ) $ (10,415 ) $ (6,898 ) Net loss per common share: Basic and diluted $ (0.79 ) $ (0.14 ) $ (0.75 ) $ (0.49 ) Weighted average common shares: Basic and diluted 13,869 13,963 13,897 13,939 Other data: Adjusted EBITDA (1) $ (3,642 ) $ 3,071 $ 5,375 $ 7,203 (1) The term Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, and certain other items) is a non-GAAP financial measure that the Company believes is useful to investors in evaluating its results. For a reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure to a comparable GAAP equivalent, refer to the Reconciliation of Net Loss to Adjusted EBITDA as shown below. FRANKLIN COVEY CO. Reconciliation of Net Loss to Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands and unaudited) Quarter Ended Three Quarters Ended May 31, May 31, May 31, May 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA: Net loss $ (10,968 ) $ (2,024 ) $ (10,415 ) $ (6,898 ) Adjustments: Interest expense, net 603 554 1,747 1,529 Income tax provision (benefit) 10,220 (394 ) 7,985 (704 ) Amortization 1,164 1,259 3,504 3,797 Depreciation 1,652 1,556 4,925 4,806 Stock-based compensation (5,104 ) 1,051 (1,460 ) 3,040 Increase (decrease) in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities (276 ) 1,069 (367 ) 1,145 Gain from insurance settlement (933 ) - (933 ) - Knowledge Capital wind-down costs - - 389 - Licensee transition costs - - - 488 Adjusted EBITDA $ (3,642 ) $ 3,071 $ 5,375 $ 7,203 Adjusted EBITDA margin -9.8 % 5.5 % 3.6 % 4.5 % FRANKLIN COVEY CO. Additional Financial Information (in thousands and unaudited) Quarter Ended Three Quarters Ended May 31, May 31, May 31, May 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Sales by Division/Segment: Enterprise Division: Direct offices $ 26,760 $ 40,387 $ 106,844 $ 115,271 International licensees 708 3,014 7,120 9,598 27,468 43,401 113,964 124,869 Education Division 8,216 11,088 30,190 31,132 Corporate and other 1,421 1,517 5,309 4,190 Consolidated $ 37,105 $ 56,006 $ 149,463 $ 160,191 Gross Profit by Division/Segment: Enterprise Division: Direct offices $ 21,108 $ 29,836 $ 81,221 $ 84,200 International licensees 339 2,432 5,696 7,515 21,447 32,268 86,917 91,715 Education Division 4,711 6,846 17,828 18,668 Corporate and other 663 550 2,772 1,429 Consolidated $ 26,821 $ 39,664 $ 107,517 $ 111,812 Adjusted EBITDA by Division/Segment: Enterprise Division: Direct offices $ 352 $ 4,520 $ 10,796 $ 10,703 International licensees (724 ) 1,281 2,696 4,127 (372 ) 5,801 13,492 14,830 Education Division (1,536 ) (181 ) (3,707 ) (1,355 ) Corporate and other (1,734 ) (2,549 ) (4,410 ) (6,272 ) Consolidated $ (3,642 ) $ 3,071 $ 5,375 $ 7,203 FRANKLIN COVEY CO. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands and unaudited) May 31, August 31, 2020 2019 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 37,006 $ 27,699 Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $3,873 and $4,242 38,612 73,227 Inventories 3,106 3,481 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 13,295 14,933 Total current assets 92,019 119,340 Property and equipment, net 16,894 18,579 Intangible assets, net 44,189 47,690 Goodwill 24,220 24,220 Deferred income tax assets 1,388 5,045 Other long-term assets 14,894 10,039 $ 193,604 $ 224,913 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Current liabilities: Current portion of term notes payable $ 5,000 $ 5,000 Current portion of financing obligation 2,532 2,335 Accounts payable 3,922 9,668 Deferred subscription revenue 42,794 56,250 Other deferred revenue 7,915 5,972 Accrued liabilities 18,212 24,319 Total current liabilities 80,375 103,544 Line of credit 14,870 - Term notes payable, less current portion 16,250 15,000 Financing obligation, less current portion 14,726 16,648 Other liabilities 6,061 7,527 Deferred income tax liabilities 4,274 180 Total liabilities 136,556 142,899 Shareholders' equity: Common stock 1,353 1,353 Additional paid-in capital 211,067 215,964 Retained earnings 48,988 59,403 Accumulated other comprehensive income 231 269 Treasury stock at cost, 13,198 and 13,087 shares (204,591 ) (194,975 ) Total shareholders' equity 57,048 82,014 $ 193,604 $ 224,913
Falcon Capital Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
First Capital, Inc. (First Capital), is a holding company of First Federal Bank, A Federal Savings Bank (the Bank). The Bank's deposits are federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Deposit Insurance Fund. The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System. All of the Bank's offices are located in Harrison, Floyd, Clark and Washington. The Bank's lending activities have concentrated on the origination of one-to-four family residential mortgages, both for sale in the secondary market and for retention in the Bank's loan portfolio. The Bank periodically invests in mortgage-backed securities, including mortgage-backed securities guaranteed or insured by Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae), Federal National Mortgage Corporation (Fannie Mae) or Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac).
The Chrysler Pacifica and Pacifica Hybrid reinvent the minivan segment with an unprecedented level of functionality, versatility, technology and bold styling. Re-engineered from the ground up on an all-new platform, the Pacifica delivers class-leading gasoline and hybrid powertrains to the minivan segment. The Pacifica Hybrid takes this revolutionary vehicle a step further with its innovative, advanced hybrid powertrain. It's the first and only electrified vehicle in the minivan segment and achieves more than 80 miles per gallon equivalent (MPGe) in electric-only mode, has an all-electric range of more than 30 miles and a total range of more than 500 miles. With more than 100 available safety and security features, the Uconnect Theater rear-seat entertainment system, available 4G Wifi and a full array of comfort and convenience technologies, the Chrysler Pacifica has earned its spot as the most awarded minivan since 2016, with both the Pacifica and Pacifica Hybrid serving as no-compromise minivans ideally suited for today's families. About Ram Truck Brand In 2009, the??Ram??Truck brand launched as a stand-alone division, focused on meeting the demands of truck buyers and delivering benchmark-quality vehicles. With a full lineup of trucks, the??Ram??1500, 2500/3500 Heavy Duty, 3500/4500/5500 Chassis Cab, ProMaster and ProMaster City, the??Ram??brand builds trucks that get the hard work done and families where they need to go. Ram continues to outperform the competition and sets the benchmarks for: Segment first 1,000 lb.-ft of torque with Cummins Turbo Diesel Towing capacity of 35,100 lbs. with Ram 3500 Payload of??7,680 lbs. with Ram 3500 Most luxurious: Ram Limited with real wood, real leather and 12-inch Uconnect touchscreen Best ride and handling with exclusive link coil rear and auto-level air suspensions Most interior space with Ram Mega Cab Most capable full-size off-road pickup ?€? Ram Power Wagon Most-awarded??light-duty truck in America Highest owner loyalty of any half-ton pickup Over the last 30 years, Ram has the highest percentage of pickups still on the road Ram??is part of the portfolio of brands offered by global automaker Fiat Chrysler Automobiles.
k shares, Inc. First Community Bankshares, Inc., a financial holding company headquartered in Bluefield, Virginia, provides banking products and services through its wholly owned subsidiary First Community Bank. First Community Bank operated 52 branch banking locations in Virginia, West Virginia, North Carolina, and Tennessee as of September 30, 2020. First Community Bank offers wealth management and investment advice through its Trust Division and First Community Wealth Management, which collectively managed and administered $1.13 billion in combined assets as of September 30, 2020. The Company reported consolidated assets of $2.95 billion as of September 30, 2020. The Company?€?s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol, ?€?FCBC?€?.
First Choice Bancorp, headquartered in Cerritos, California, is the sole shareholder of and the registered bank holding company for, First Choice Bank. As of September 30, 2020, First Choice Bancorp had total consolidated assets of $2.26 billion. First Choice Bank, also headquartered in Cerritos, California, is a community-based financial institution that serves primarily commercial and consumer clients in diverse communities and specializes in loans to small- to medium-sized businesses and private banking clients, commercial and industrial loans, and commercial real estate loans. First Choice Bank is a Preferred Small Business Administration (SBA) Lender. First Choice Bank conducts business through nine full-service branches and two loan production offices located in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego Counties. Founded in 2005, First Choice Bank has quickly become a leading provider of financial services that enable our customers to grow, maintain strength, and achieve their business objectives. We strive to surpass our clients?€? expectations through our efficiency, personalized services and financial solutions and professionalism and are committed to being ?€?First in Speed, Service, and Solutions.?€? First Choice Bank is a strong believer in social justice and equality and is proud of its cultural- and gender-diverse workforce. As of September 30, 2020, more than 71% of the Company's total workforce identified as ethnic minorities and more than 66% of its workforce and more than 50% of its senior management identified as female. First Choice Bancorp stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol ?€?FCBP.?€? First Choice Bank?€?s website is www.FirstChoiceBankCA.com.
First Community Corporation serves as the bank holding company for First Community Bank, N.A (the Bank). The Company engages in a commercial banking business from its main office in Lexington, South Carolina and its 11 full-service offices located in Lexington, Forest Acres, Irmo, Cayce-West Columbia, Gilbert, Chapin, Northeast Columbia, Prosperity, Newberry and Camden. It offers a range of banking products and services for professionals and small-to medium-sized businesses, including consumer and commercial, mortgage, brokerage and investment, and insurance services. It also offers online banking to its customers. It is engaged in a general commercial and retail banking business. The Bank's other services include Internet banking, cash management services, safe deposit boxes, travelers checks, direct deposit of payroll and social security checks, and automatic drafts for various accounts. It also offers VISA and MasterCard credit card services through a correspondent bank as agent.
1st Constitution Bancorp is a bank holding company for 1st Constitution Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a commercial bank, which is engaged in the business of commercial and retail banking. As a community bank, the Bank offers a range of services (including demand, savings and time deposits and commercial and consumer/installment loans) to individuals, small businesses and not-for-profit organizations principally in the Fort Lee area of Bergen County and in Middlesex, Mercer and Somerset Counties, New Jersey. The Bank conducts its operations through its main office located in Cranbury, New Jersey, and operates 13 additional branch offices in downtown Cranbury, Hamilton Square, Hightstown, Jamesburg, Lawrenceville, Montgomery, Perth Amboy, Plainsboro, West Windsor, Fort Lee and Princeton, New Jersey. The Bank's deposits are insured up to applicable legal limits by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).
FuelCell Energy, Inc. is a global leader in developing environmentally responsible distributed baseload power solutions through our proprietary fuel cell technology. We develop turn-key distributed power generation solutions and operate and provide comprehensive services for the life of the power plant. We are working to expand the proprietary technologies that we have developed over the past five decades into new products, markets and geographies. Our mission and purpose remains to utilize our proprietary, state-of-the- art fuel cell power plants to reduce the global environmental footprint of baseload power generation by providing environmentally responsible solutions for reliable electrical power, hot water, steam, chilling, hydrogen, microgrid applications, and carbon capture and, in so doing, drive demand for our products and services, thus realizing positive stockholder returns. Our fuel cell solution is a clean, efficient alternative to traditional combustion-based power generation and is complementary to an energy mix consisting of intermittent sources of energy, such as solar and wind turbines. Our systems answer the needs of diverse customers across several markets, including utility companies, municipalities, universities, hospitals, government entities and a variety of industrial and commercial enterprises. We provide solutions for various applications, including utility-scale distributed generation, on-site power generation and combined heat and power, with the differentiating ability to do so utilizing multiple sources of fuel including natural gas, Renewable Biogas (i.e., landfill gas, anaerobic digester gas), propane and various blends of such fuels. Our multi-fuel source capability is significantly enhanced by our proprietary gas-clean-up skid. SureSource, SureSource 1500, SureSource 3000, SureSource 4000, SureSource Recovery, SureSource Capture, SureSource Hydrogen, SureSource Storage, SureSource Service, SureSource Capital, FuelCell Energy, and FuelCell Energy logo are all trademarks of FuelCell Energy, Inc. Contact : FuelCell Energy, Inc. ir@fce.com 203.205.2491 Source: FuelCell Energy
First Commonwealth Financial Corporation, headquartered in Indiana, Pennsylvania, is a financial services company with 147 community banking offices in 28 counties throughout western and central Pennsylvania and throughout Ohio, as well as business banking operations in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and Canton, Cleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati, Ohio. The Company also operates mortgage offices in Wexford, Pennsylvania, as well as Hudson and Dayton and Lewis Center, Ohio. First Commonwealth provides a full range of commercial banking, consumer banking, mortgage, wealth management and insurance products and services through its subsidiaries First Commonwealth Bank and First Commonwealth Insurance Agency.
First Cash Financial Services, Inc. is an operator of retail-based pawn and consumer finance stores in the United States and Mexico. As of February 18, 2013 , the Company had approximately 829 locations twelve states in United States and 24 states in Mexico. The Company's primary business is the operation of pawn stores, which engage in retail sales, purchasing of secondhand goods and consumer finance activities. The pawn stores generate retail sales from the merchandise acquired through collateral forfeitures and over-the-counter purchases from customers. Pawn stores are also a convenient source for small consumer loans to help customers meet their short-term cash needs. Personal property, such as jewelry, consumer electronics, tools, sporting goods and musical instruments are pledged as collateral for the loans. In addition, some of the Company's pawn stores offer consumer loans or credit services products.
FTI Consulting, Inc. is a global business advisory firm dedicated to helping organizations manage change, mitigate risk and resolve disputes: financial, legal, operational, political & regulatory, reputational and transactional. With more than 6,200 employees located in 28 countries, FTI Consulting professionals work closely with clients to anticipate, illuminate and overcome complex business challenges and make the most of opportunities. The Company generated $2.35 billion in revenues during fiscal year 2019.
First Citizens is the financial holding company for Raleigh, North Carolina-headquartered First Citizens Bank & Trust Company. First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company provides a broad range of financial services to individuals, businesses, professionals and the medical community through branch offices in 19 states, including digital banking, mobile banking, ATMs and telephone banking. As of June 30, 2020, First Citizens had total assets of $47.9 billion.


THL Credit, Inc. is a??closed-end??management investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Company?€?s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation, primarily through investments in privately negotiated debt and equity securities of middle market companies. The Company is a direct lender to middle market companies and invests primarily in directly originated first lien senior secured loans, including unitranche investments. In certain instances, the Company also makes second lien secured loans and subordinated or mezzanine, debt investments, which may include an associated equity component such as warrants, preferred stock or other similar securities and direct equity??co-investments. The Company targets investments primarily in middle market companies with annual EBITDA generally between $5??million and $25??million. The Company is headquartered in Boston, with additional origination teams in Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles and New York. The Company?€?s investment activities are managed by First Eagle Alternative Credit, LLC (the ?€?Advisor?€?), an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.
THL Credit Inc. 6.125% Notes Due 2023

Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. (FCX) is an international mining company. FCX is one of the copper, gold and molybdenum mining companies in terms of reserves and production. Its portfolio of assets includes the Grasberg minerals district in Indonesia, mining operations in North and South America, and the Tenke Fungurume (Tenke) minerals district in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). The Grasberg minerals district contains the recoverable copper reserve and the gold reserve. It also operates Atlantic Copper, its wholly owned copper smelting and refining unit in Spain. FCX has its operations into five primary divisions: North America copper mines, South America mining, Indonesia mining, Africa mining and Molybdenum operations. In May 2013, the Company completes acquisition of Plains Exploration & Production Company. In June 2013, FCX acquired the remaining 64% interest in McMoRan Exploration Co.
Fidelity D & D Bancorp, Inc. is a bank holding company, whose wholly owned state chartered commercial bank is The Fidelity Deposit and Discount Bank (the Bank). The Bank offers a range of traditional banking services. The Bank has a personal and corporate trust department, and also provides alternative financial and insurance products with asset management services. The Bank's service area consists of the Borough of Dunmore and the surrounding communities within Lackawanna and Luzerne counties in Northeastern Pennsylvania. As of December 31, 2011, the Company operated 11 full-service banking offices, of which four were owned and seven were leased. The Company originates commercial and industrial (C&I), commercial real estate (CRE), residential mortgages, consumer, home equity and construction loans. The Bank's investment portfolio consisted of Mortgage-backed securities (MBS)-Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE) residential, and state and municipal subdivisions.
Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc. is one of the world?€?s leading vertically integrated producers, marketers and distributors of high-quality fresh and fresh-cut fruit and vegetables, as well as a leading producer and distributor of prepared food in Europe, Africa and the Middle East. Fresh Del Monte markets its products worldwide under the Del Monte?? brand, a symbol of product innovation, quality, freshness and reliability for over 125 years. The Company also markets its products under the Mann's?? brand and other related trademarks. Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc. is not affiliated with certain other Del Monte companies around the world, including Del Monte Foods, Inc., the U.S. subsidiary of Del Monte Pacific Limited, Del Monte Canada, or Del Monte Asia Pte. Ltd.
FactSet (NYSE:FDS | NASDAQ:FDS) delivers superior content, analytics, and flexible technology to help more than 133,000 users see and seize opportunity sooner. We give investment professionals the edge to outperform with informed insights, workflow solutions across the portfolio lifecycle, and industry-leading support from dedicated specialists. We're proud to have been recognized with multiple awards for our analytical and data-driven solutions and repeatedly scored 100 by the Human Rights Campaign?? Corporate Equality Index for our LGBTQ+ inclusive policies and practices. Subscribe to our thought leadership blog to get fresh insight delivered daily at insight.factset.com.
Fidus Investment Corporation provides customized mezzanine debt and equity financing solutions to lower middle-market companies. The Company's investment objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns by generating both current income from its debt investments and capital appreciation from its equity related investments. The Company seeks to maintain a diversified portfolio of investments in order to help mitigate the potential effects of adverse economic events related to particular companies, regions or industries. The Company's investment advisor is Fidus Capital, LLC.
Fidus Investment Corp 5.375 Notes 2024
Fidus Investment Corporation 5.875% Notes due 2023
Fidus Investment Corp 6.00% Note 02/01/2024
FedEx Express is one of the world's largest express transportation companies, providing fast and reliable delivery to more than 220 countries and territories. FedEx Express uses a global air-and-ground network to speed delivery of time-sensitive shipments, by a definite time and date with a money-back guarantee. About FedEx Corp. FedEx Corp. provides customers and businesses worldwide with a broad portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services. FedEx Corp. provides customers and businesses worldwide with a broad portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services. With annual revenue of $71 billion, the company offers integrated business solutions through operating companies competing collectively, operating collaboratively and innovating digitally under the respected FedEx brand. Consistently ranked among the world's most admired and trusted employers, FedEx inspires its more than 500,000 team members to remain focused on safety, the highest ethical and professional standards and the needs of their customers and communities.
FirstEnergy Corp. is dedicated to safety, reliability and operational excellence. Its 10 electric distribution companies form one of the nation's largest investor-owned electric systems, serving customers in Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, West Virginia, Maryland and New York. The company's transmission subsidiaries operate 24,500 miles of transmission lines that connect the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic regions. Follow FirstEnergy on Twitter @FirstEnergyCorp or online at www.firstenergycorp.com. About United Way of Summit County : United Way of Summit County takes on the issues that matter most to children and families in Greater Akron. We pursue Bold Goals through forward-thinking strategies, innovative programs and hands-on work in our community. We team up with private and public leaders, local businesses and thousands of volunteers from across our community to create change that matters. Together, we are hand raisers. Game changers. Because there's a better future in store for Greater Akron, and the time is now to make it happen.

Flying Eagle Acquisition Corp. Units each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and onefourth of one redeemable warrant
Flying Eagle Acquisition Corp. Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share
Four Seasons Education (Cayman) Inc. is a leading Shanghai based educational company dedicated to providing comprehensive after-school education services with a focus on high-quality math education. The Company's vision is to unlock students' intellectual potential through high quality and effective education that can profoundly benefit students' academic, career and life prospects. The Company provides educational programs that are primarily focused on elementary-level math and have expanded in recent years to also include other subjects, including physics, chemistry, and languages, and other grade levels, including kindergarten-level and middle school-level programs. The Company's proprietary educational content is designed to cultivate students' interests and enhance their cognitive and logic abilities. The Company develops its educational content through a systematic development process and updates it regularly based on student performance and feedback. Such process allows the Company to effectively drive better learning outcomes and serve students of different ages, aptitude levels and learning objectives. The Company's faculty is led by a group of experienced senior educators, including recognized scholars, award-winning teachers. Over the years, the quality of the Company's education services has been demonstrated by its student outstanding academic performance.
Frequency Electronics, Inc. is a world leader in the design, development and manufacture of high precision timing, frequency generation and RF control products for space and terrestrial applications. Frequency?€?s products are used in satellite payloads and in other commercial, government and military systems including C4ISR and electronic warfare, missiles, UAVs, aircraft, GPS, secure communications, energy exploration and wireline and wireless networks. Frequency has received over 100 awards of excellence for achievements in providing high performance electronic assemblies for over 150 space and DOD programs. The Company invests significant resources in research and development to expand its capabilities and markets. Frequency?€?s Mission Statement: ?€?Our mission is to provide precision time and low phase noise frequency generation systems from 1 Hz to 50 GHz, for space and other challenging environments.?€? Subsidiaries and Affiliates: FEI-Zyfer provides GPS and secure timing ("SAASM") capabilities for critical military and commercial applications; FEI-Elcom Tech provides Electronic Warfare (?€?EW?€?) sub-systems and state-of-the-art RF microwave products.
Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (Franklin Electric) together with its subsidiaries, is engaged in designing, manufacturing and distributing water and fuel pumping systems, consists of submersible motors, pumps, electronic controls and related parts and equipment. The Company's business consists of two segments: the Water Systems segment and the Fueling Systems segment. The Company includes unallocated corporate expenses in another segment that together with Water Systems and Fueling Systems represent the Company. The Company's products are sold in North America, Europe, the Middle East, South Africa, Brazil, Mexico, Australia, Japan, China, and other world markets. In August 2012, the Company completed the acquisition of Cerus Industrial Inc. In September 2013, the Company announced that its subsidiary Pioneer Pump Solutions Ltd., has completed the purchase of the assets of Performance Pump and Equipment Company Limited of Stowmarket, Suffolk, the United Kingdom.
Fennec Pharmaceuticals, Inc
Phoenix New Media Limited is a leading new media company providing premium content on an integrated Internet platform, including PC and mobile, in China. Having originated from a leading global Chinese language TV network based in Hong Kong, Phoenix TV, the Company enables consumers to access professional news and other quality information and share user-generated content on the Internet through their PCs and mobile devices. Phoenix New Media's platform includes its PC channel, consisting of ifeng.com website, which comprises interest-based verticals and interactive services; its mobile channel, consisting of mobile news applications, mobile video application and mobile Internet website; and its operations with the telecom operators that provides mobile value-added services.
Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. is an oilfield products company, serving the subsea, drilling, completion, production and infrastructure sectors of the oil and natural gas industry. The Company designs and manufactures products, and engage in aftermarket services, parts supply and related services that complement its product offering. It operates in two segments: Drilling and Subsea Segment and Production and Infrastructure Segment. In December 2012, the Company acquired Merrimac Manufacturing, Inc. (Merrimac). In May 2013, the Company acquired Blohm + Voss Oil Tools from STAR Capital Partners Limited. In July 2013, Forum Energy Technologies Inc acquired Moffat 2000 Ltd.
FireEye is the intelligence-led security company. Working as a seamless, scalable extension of customer security operations, FireEye offers a single platform that blends innovative security technologies, nation-state grade threat intelligence, and world-renowned Mandiant?? consulting. With this approach, FireEye eliminates the complexity and burden of cyber security for organizations struggling to prepare for, prevent, and respond to cyber attacks. FireEye has over 9,600 customers across 103 countries, including more than 50 percent of the Forbes Global 2000. ?? 2020 FireEye, Inc. All rights reserved. FireEye and Mandiant are registered trademarks or trademarks of FireEye, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other brands, products, or service names are or may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.
FutureFuel is a leading manufacturer of diversified chemical products, specialty chemical products, and biofuel products. In its chemicals business, FutureFuel manufactures specialty chemicals for specific customers (?€?custom chemicals?€?) as well as multi-customer specialty chemicals (?€?performance chemicals?€?). FutureFuel?€?s custom chemicals product portfolio includes proprietary herbicide and intermediates for major life sciences companies, and chlorinated polyolefin adhesion promoters and antioxidant precursors for a major chemical company. FutureFuel?€?s performance chemicals product portfolio includes polymer (nylon) modifiers and several small-volume specialty chemicals for diverse applications. FutureFuel?€?s biofuels segment primarily produces and sells biodiesel to its customers.
First Financial Bancorp is a Cincinnati, Ohio based bank holding company. As of September 30, 2019, the Company had $14.5 billion in assets, $9.1 billion in loans, $10.1 billion in deposits and $2.3 billion in shareholders' equity. The Company's subsidiary, First Financial Bank, founded in 1863, provides banking and financial services products through its six lines of business: Commercial, Retail Banking, Investment Commercial Real Estate, Mortgage Banking, Commercial Finance and Wealth Management. These business units provide traditional banking services to business and retail clients. Wealth Management provides wealth planning, portfolio management, trust and estate, brokerage and retirement plan services and had approximately $2.9 billion in assets under management as of September 30, 2019. The Company operated 145 full service banking centers as of September 30, 2019, primarily in Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky, while the Commercial Finance business lends into targeted industry verticals on a nationwide basis.
FFBW Inc - Ordinary Shares
FBL Financial Group is a holding company with the purpose to protect livelihoods and futures. Operating under the consumer brand name Farm Bureau Financial Services, its affiliates offer a broad range of life insurance, annuity and investment products distributed by multiline exclusive Farm Bureau agents. Helping complete the financial services offering, advisors offer wealth management and financial planning services. In addition, FBL Financial Group manages all aspects of two Farm Bureau affiliated property-casualty insurance companies for a management fee. Headquartered in West Des Moines, Iowa, FBL Financial Group is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FFG.
DELISTED - FIREBRAND FINANCIAL GROUP INC
Fuwei Films conducts its business through its wholly owned subsidiary, Fuwei Films ( Shandong ) Co., Ltd. ("Shandong Fuwei"). Shandong Fuwei develops, manufactures and distributes high-quality plastic films using the biaxial oriented stretch technique, otherwise known as BOPET film (biaxially oriented polyethylene terephthalate). Fuwei's BOPET film is widely used to package food, medicine, cosmetics, tobacco, and alcohol, as well as in the imaging, electronics, and magnetic products industries.
Flushing Financial Corporation is the holding company for Flushing Bank ??, a New York State?€?chartered commercial bank insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Bank serves consumers, businesses, professionals, corporate clients, and public entities by offering a full complement of deposit, loan, equipment finance, and cash management services through its banking offices located in Queens, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and on Long Island. As a leader in real estate lending, the Bank?€?s experienced lending teams create mortgage solutions for real estate owners and property managers both within and outside the New York City metropolitan area. Flushing Bank is an Equal Housing Lender. The Bank also operates an online banking division consisting of iGObanking.com ??, which offers competitively priced deposit products to consumers nationwide, and BankPurely ??, an eco-friendly, healthier lifestyle community brand.
Headquartered in Abilene, Texas, First Financial Bankshares is a financial holding company that through its wholly-owned subsidiary, First Financial Bank, N.A., operates multiple banking regions with 78 locations in Texas, including Abilene, Acton, Albany, Aledo, Alvarado, Beaumont, Boyd, Bridgeport, Brock, Bryan, Burleson, College Station, Cisco, Cleburne, Clyde, Conroe, Cut and Shoot, Decatur, Eastland, El Campo, Fort Worth, Fulshear, Glen Rose, Granbury, Grapevine, Hereford, Huntsville, Keller, Kingwood, Magnolia, Mauriceville, Merkel, Midlothian, Mineral Wells, Montgomery, Moran, New Waverly, Newton, Odessa, Orange, Palacios, Port Arthur, Ranger, Rising Star,?? Roby,?? San?? Angelo,?? Southlake,?? Stephenville, Sweetwater, Tomball, Trent, Trophy Club, Vidor, Waxahachie, Weatherford, Willis, and Willow Park. The Company also operates First Financial Trust & Asset Management Company, N.A., with ten locations and First Technology Services, Inc., a technology operating company. The Company is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol FFIN.
F5 powers applications from development through their entire lifecycle, across any multi-cloud environment, so our customers?€?enterprise businesses, service providers, governments, and consumer brands?€?can deliver differentiated, high-performing, and secure digital experiences.
First Financial Northwest, Inc. (First Financial Northwest) is a holding company for First Savings Bank Northwest (the Bank). The Company is a savings and loan holding company. The Bank is a community-based savings bank primarily serving the Puget Sound Region, which consists primarily of King and, to a lesser extent, Pierce, Snohomish and Kitsap counties, Washington through its full-service banking office located in Renton, Washington. The Bank's business consists of attracting deposits from the public and utilizing these funds to originate one- to four-family, multifamily, commercial real estate, business, consumer and to a lesser extent construction/land development loans. At December 31, 2011, the Company had total assets of $1.1 billion, net loans of $703.3 million and deposits of $788.7 million.
First Foundation, a financial institution founded in 1990 provides private wealth management, personal banking, and business banking. The Company has offices in California, Nevada, and Hawaii with headquarters in Irvine, California.
First Guaranty Bancshares provides personal and business banking services in Louisiana. It offers personal checking products and health savings accounts, online order checks, overdraft protection, telephone and mobile banking, and online banking services; money market services; certificates of deposits (CDs); and IRAs. The company also offers business checking accounts and related services, overdraft protection programs, savings accounts, money market services, business management services, and various mortgages. In addition, it offers personal and business loans, such as automobile, recreational vehicle, tuition, and unsecured loans, as well as credit cards. Further, the company provides remote deposit capture, Internet banking and bill pay, and monthly advertisement services. First Guaranty Bancshares was formerly known as First Guaranty Bank and changed its name to First Guaranty Bancshares in February 2012. The company was founded in 1934 and is based in Hammond, Louisiana. It has business locations in Abbeville, Amite, Benton, Denham Springs, Dubach, Greensburg, Hammond, Haynesville, Homer, Independence, Jennings, Kentwood, Montpelier, Oil City, Ponchatoula, Vivian, Walker, and Denham Springs, Louisiana. First Guaranty Bancshares operates as a subsidiary of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.
FibroGen, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company committed to discovering, developing and commercializing a pipeline of first-in-class therapeutics. The company applies its pioneering expertise in hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF) and connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) biology to advance innovative medicines to treat unmet needs. The Company is currently developing and commercializing roxadustat, an oral small molecule inhibitor of HIF prolyl hydroxylase activity, for anemia associated with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Roxadustat is also in clinical development for anemia associated with myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) and for chemotherapy-induced anemia. Pamrevlumab, an anti-CTGF human monoclonal antibody, is in clinical development for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF), locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer (LAPC), Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD), and coronavirus (COVID-19).

FG New America Acquisition Corp. is a blank-check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. The Company intends to concentrate its efforts on identifying businesses in the insurance and financial services industry, with particular emphasis on businesses that are providing or changing technology for traditional financial services ("FinTech"), insurance ("InsureTech"), or other sectors where disruptive and/or adaptive technology or other factors are driving changes in a new era in the American business landscape.
FG New America Acquisition Corp - Warrants (31/08/2027)
First Hawaiian, Inc. is a bank holding company headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii. Its principal subsidiary, First Hawaiian Bank, founded in 1858 under the name Bishop & Company, is Hawaii?€?s oldest and largest financial institution with branch locations throughout Hawaii, Guam and Saipan. The company offers a comprehensive suite of banking services to consumer and commercial customers including deposit products, loans, wealth management, insurance, trust, retirement planning, credit card and merchant processing services. Customers may also access their accounts through ATMs, online and mobile banking channels.
FederatedInvestors.com and select SEC Filings. Federated Investors, Inc.??is a leading global investment manager with $527.2 billion in assets under management as of Sept. 30, 2019. Our investment solutions span 131 equity, fixed-income, alternative/private markets, multi-asset and liquidity management strategies and a range of separately managed account strategies. Providing comprehensive investment management to more than 11,000 institutions and intermediaries, our clients include corporations, government entities, insurance companies, foundations and endowments, banks and broker/dealers. Headquartered in Pittsburgh, Federated's nearly 1,900 employees include those in London, New York, Boston, Dublin, Frankfurt, Singapore and other offices worldwide. In 2018, Federated acquired a majority interest in Hermes Investment Management, which provides world-class active management and stewardship services.
First Horizon National Corp., with $83 billion in assets, is a leading regional financial services company, dedicated to strengthening the lives of our associates, clients, shareholders, and communities. Headquartered in Memphis, TN, the banking subsidiary First Horizon Bank operates nearly 500 bank locations in 12 states across the Southeast. With more than 288 years of combined First Horizon Bank and IBERIABANK financial experience, the Company and its subsidiaries offer commercial, private banking, consumer, small business, wealth and trust management, retail brokerage, capital markets, fixed income, mortgage, and title insurance services. First Horizon is recognized as one of the nation's best employers by Fortune and Forbes magazines and a Top 10 Most Reputable U.S. bank.
First Horizon National Corporation Depositary Shares
First Horizon National Corporation Depositary Shares Series B
First Horizon National Corporation Depositary Shares Series C
First Horizon National Corporation Depositary Shares Series D
DELISTED -
Foghorn Therapeutics Inc
Frank's International N.V. is a global provider of engineered tubular services to the oil and gas industry. The Company provides its services to exploration and production companies in both offshore and onshore environments. The Company operates in three segments: International Services, U.S. Services and Pipe and Products. In addition to its tubular handling equipment, the Company also designs and manufactures certain products that it sells or rents directly to external customers, including large outside diameter (OD) pipe connectors and casing attachments. The Company also provides fabrication and welding services in support of deep water projects in the United States Gulf of Mexico, including drilling and production risers, flowlines and pipeline end terminations, as well as long length tubulars for use as caissons or pilings. It also distributes large OD pipe manufactured by third parties. In March 2013, it completed the casing installation for the Chevron Northwood well.
First Interstate BancSystem, Inc. is a financial services holding company headquartered in Billings, Montana. It is the parent company of First Interstate Bank, a community bank with $16.4 billion in assets as of June 30, 2020. First Interstate proudly delivers financial solutions across Idaho, Montana, Oregon, South Dakota, Washington, and Wyoming. A recognized leader in community banking services, First Interstate is driven by strong values as well as a commitment to delivering a rewarding experience to its employees, strong returns to shareholders, exceptional products and services to its clients, and resources to the communities it serves.
Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) provides products and services that enable businesses to automate, improve and connect decisions to enhance business performance. The Company operates in three segments: Applications, which include pre-configured Decision Management applications designed for a specific type of business problem or process; Scores, which includes the Company's business-to-business scoring solutions and services, its myFICO solutions for consumers, and associated professional services, and Tools segment, which include software tools that clients can use to create their own custom Decision Management applications, as well as associated professional services. In May 2012, the Company acquired Entiera Inc. In September 2012, it acquired Adeptra Ltd. On April 1, 2013, FICO acquired Infoglide Software Corp.

Forum Merger III Corp
Forum Merger III Corp - Warrants (24/08/2027)
Angel Oak Financial Strategies Income Term Trust of Beneficial Interest
FinVolution Group is a leading fintech platform in China connecting underserved individual borrowers with financial institutions. Established in 2007, the Company is a pioneer in China's online consumer finance industry and has developed innovative technologies and has accumulated in-depth experience in the core areas of credit risk assessment, fraud detection, big data and artificial intelligence. The Company's platform, empowered by proprietary cutting-edge technologies, features a highly automated loan transaction process, which enables a superior user experience. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had over 112.8 million cumulative registered users.
Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS) is a global provider of banking and payments technologies. The Company operates in four segments: Financial Solutions Group (FSG), Payment Solutions Group (PSG), International Solutions Group (ISG) and Corporate and Other Segment. The Company is engaged in payment processing and banking solutions, providing software, services and outsourcing of the technology. The Company offers financial institution core processing, card issuer and transaction processing services, including the NYCE Network, a national electronic funds transfer (EFT) network. FIS serves more than 14,000 institutions in over 100 countries. In April 2012, it acquired ICS Risk Advisors and Memento, Inc. In August 2012, the Company completed the sale of its Healthcare Solutions business to an investment fund affiliated with Lightyear Capital LLC. In March 2013, it announced the acquisition of mFoundry.
Financial Institutions, Inc. provides diversified financial services through its subsidiaries Five Star Bank, SDN, Courier Capital and HNP Capital. Five Star Bank provides a wide range of consumer and commercial banking and lending services to individuals, municipalities and businesses through a network of approximately 50 offices throughout Western and Central New York State. SDN provides a broad range of insurance services to personal and business clients. Courier Capital and HNP Capital provide customized investment management, investment consulting and retirement plan services to individuals, businesses, institutions, foundations and retirement plans. Financial Institutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries employ approximately 630 individuals. The Company?€?s stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FISI.
No Description Available
Fiserv, Inc. aspires to move money and information in a way that moves the world. As a global leader in payments and financial technology, the company helps clients achieve best-in-class results through a commitment to innovation and excellence in areas including account processing and digital banking solutions; card issuer processing and network services; payments; e-commerce; merchant acquiring and processing; and the Clover ?? cloud-based point-of-sale solution. Fiserv is a member of the S&P 500 ?? Index and the FORTUNE ?? 500, and is among FORTUNE World's Most Admired Companies ??.
Fitbit helps people lead healthier, more active lives by empowering them with data, inspiration and guidance to reach their goals. Fitbit designs products and experiences that track and provide motivation for everyday health and fitness. Fitbit?€?s diverse line of innovative and popular products include Fitbit Sense???, the Fitbit Versa??? family of smartwatches, Fitbit Charge 4???, Fitbit Inspire 2???, and Fitbit Ace 2??? activity trackers, and Fitbit Aria Air smart scale. Fitbit products are carried in approximately 39,000 retail stores and in 100+ countries around the globe. The Fitbit platform delivers personalized experiences, insights and guidance through leading software and interactive tools, including the Fitbit and Fitbit Coach apps, and Fitbit OS for smartwatches. Fitbit?€?s paid subscription service, Fitbit Premium, provides advanced analytics and actionable guidance in the Fitbit app to help you reach your health and fitness goals. Fitbit Premium + Health Coaching provides one-on-one virtual coaching with expert health coaches and personalized plans based on your Fitbit data. Fitbit Health Solutions develops health and wellness solutions designed to help increase engagement, improve health outcomes, and drive a positive return for employers, health plans and health systems. Fitbit and the Fitbit logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Fitbit, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries. Additional Fitbit trademarks can be found www.fitbit.com/legal/trademark-list. Third-party trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Looking for motivation? You?€?re in the right place - join us on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube. We want to hear from you, share your Fitbit experience with us here. Google and Android are trademarks of Google LLC.
Fifth Third Bancorp is a diversified financial services company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, and the indirect parent company of Fifth Third Bank, National Association, a federally chartered institution. As of June 30, 2020, the Company had $203 billion in assets and operated 1,122 full-service Banking Centers, and 2,456 Fifth Third branded ATMs in Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Florida, Tennessee, West Virginia, Georgia and North Carolina. In total, Fifth Third provides its customers with access to approximately 53,000 fee-free ATMs across the United States. Fifth Third operates four main businesses: Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending, and Wealth & Asset Management. Fifth Third is among the largest money managers in the Midwest and, as of June 30, 2020, had $405 billion in assets under care, of which it managed $49 billion for individuals, corporations and not-for-profit organizations through its Trust and Registered Investment Advisory businesses.
Fifth Third Bancorp
Fifth Third Bancorp 4.95 PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Ser K Rp11000th
Fifth Third Bancorp 6 PRF PERPETUAL USD 1000 Sr A Rp 140 Dp Cl B
: Five Below is a leading high-growth value retailer offering trend-right, high-quality products loved by tweens, teens and beyond. We know life is way better when you?€?re free to ?€?let go & have fun?€? in an amazing experience filled with unlimited possibilities. With most items priced $1-$5, and some extreme value items priced up to just $10, we make it easy to say YES! to the newest, coolest stuff across 8 awesome Five Below worlds: Style, Room, Play, Create, Party, Candy, New & Now and Ten Below Tech. Founded in 2002 and headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Five Below today has over 1,000 stores in 38 states.
Five9 is an industry-leading provider of cloud contact center solutions, bringing the power of cloud innovation to more than 2,000 customers worldwide and facilitating more than six billion call minutes annually. The Five9 Intelligent Cloud Contact Center provides digital engagement, analytics, workflow automation, workforce optimization, and practical AI to create more human customer experiences, to engage and empower agents, and deliver tangible business results. Designed to be reliable, secure, compliant, and scalable, the Five9 platform helps contact centers increase productivity, be agile, boost revenue, and create customer trust and loyalty.
Comfort Systems USA, Inc. provides heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) installation, maintenance, repairs and replacement services within the mechanical services industry. The Company has 37 operating units in 72 cities and 87 locations throughout the United States. The Company operates primarily in the commercial, industrial and institutional HVAC markets and performs most of its services within office buildings, retail centers, apartment complexes, manufacturing plants, and healthcare, education and government facilities. In addition to standard HVAC services, the Company provides specialized applications, such as building automation control systems, fire protection, process cooling, electronic monitoring and process piping. The Company provides a range of installation, maintenance, repair and replacement services for HVAC and related systems in commercial, industrial and institutional properties.
Homology Medicines, Inc. is a genetic medicines company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients suffering from rare genetic diseases with significant unmet medical needs by curing the underlying cause of the disease. Homology?€?s proprietary platform is designed to utilize its human hematopoietic stem cell-derived adeno-associated virus vectors (AAVHSCs) to precisely and efficiently deliver genetic medicines in vivo either through a gene therapy or nuclease-free gene editing modality across a broad range of genetic disorders. Homology has a management team with a successful track record of discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics with a particular focus on rare diseases, and intellectual property covering its suite of 15 AAVHSCs. Homology believes that its compelling preclinical data, scientific expertise, product development strategy, manufacturing capabilities and intellectual property position it as a leader in the development of genetic medicines.
National Beverage Corp. (National Beverage) is engaged in the development, manufacturing, marketing and sale of a portfolio of flavored beverage products. The Company's primary market focus is the United States, but its products are also distributed in Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean, Latin America, the Pacific Rim, Asia, Europe and the Middle East. The Company's brands consist of carbonated soft drinks in a variety of flavors, as well as regular, diet and reduced-calorie options, and beverages geared toward the active and health-conscious consumer (Power+ Brands), including energy drinks and shots, juices, sparkling waters and enhanced beverages. The Company's brand, Shasta features multiple flavors and delivers tastes, such as California Dreamin, Very Cherry Twist and Fiesta Punch. Faygo products are primarily distributed east of the Mississippi River and include numerous flavors, such as RedPop, Moon Mist, and Rock'n'Rye.
: Foot Locker, Inc. leads the celebration of sneaker and youth culture around the globe through a portfolio of brands including Foot Locker, Lady Foot Locker, Kids Foot Locker, Champs Sports, Eastbay, Footaction, and Sidestep. With approximately 3,100 retail stores in 27 countries across North America, Europe, Asia, Australia and New Zealand, as well as websites and mobile apps, the Company's purpose is to inspire and empower youth around the world, by fueling a shared passion for self-expression and creating unrivaled experiences at the heart of the global sneaker community. Foot Locker, Inc. has its corporate headquarters in New York.
Fluidigm?? focuses on the most pressing needs in translational and clinical research, including cancer, immunology, and immunotherapy. Using proprietary CyTOF ?? and microfluidics technologies, we develop, manufacture, and market multi-omic solutions to drive meaningful insights in health and disease, identify biomarkers to inform decisions, and accelerate the development of more effective therapies. Our customers are leading academic, government, pharmaceutical, biotechnology, plant and animal research, and clinical laboratories worldwide. Together with them, we strive to increase the quality of life for all.
Flextronics International Ltd. (Flextronics) is a global provider of global supply chain solutions, through which the Company designs, build, ship and services a packaged electronic product to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) in the markets, which include High Reliability Solutions (HRS), which is consists of its medical, automotive, defense and aerospace businesses; High Velocity Solutions (HVS), which includes its mobile devices business, including smart phones, and consumer electronics, including game consoles, high-volume computing business, including notebook personal computing (PC), tablets and printers; Industrial and Emerging Industries (IEI), which is consists of its household appliances, equipment, and industries businesses, and Integrated Network Solutions (INS), which includes its telecommunications infrastructure, data networking, connected home, and server and storage businesses. In November 2013, Flextronics International Ltd acquired RIWISA AG.
Fulgent Genetics?€? proprietary technology platform has created a broad, flexible test menu and the ability to continually expand and improve its proprietary genetic reference library while maintaining accessible pricing, high accuracy and competitive turnaround times. Combining next generation sequencing (?€?NGS?€?) with its technology platform, the Company performs full-gene sequencing with deletion/duplication analysis in an array of panels that can be tailored to meet specific customer needs. In 2019, the Company launched its first patient-initiated product, Picture Genetics, a new line of at-home screening tests that combines the Company?€?s advanced NGS solutions with actionable results and genetic counseling options for individuals. Since March 2020, the Company has commercially launched several tests for the detection of SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes the novel coronavirus (?€?COVID-19?€?), including NGS and reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (?€?RT-PCR?€?) - based tests. The Company has received Emergency Use Authorization (?€?EUA?€?) from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (?€?FDA?€?) for the RT-PCR-based tests for the detection of SARS-CoV-2 using upper respiratory specimens (nasal, nasopharyngeal, and oropharyngeal swabs) and for the at-home testing service through Picture Genetics. A cornerstone of the Company?€?s business is its ability to provide expansive options and flexibility for all clients?€? unique testing needs through a comprehensive technology offering including cloud computing, pipeline services, record management, web portal services, clinical workflow, sequencing as a service and automated lab services. About Picture Genetics Through its Picture Genetics platform launched in 2019, Fulgent Genetics offers consumers direct access to its advanced genetic testing and analytics capabilities from the ease and comfort of home, at an affordable price point. The Picture Genetics platform provides a holistic approach to at-home genetic screening by including oversight from independent physicians as well as genetic counseling options to complement Fulgent Genetics?€? comprehensive genetic testing analysis. The Picture Genetics platform currently offers multiple tests, providing medically actionable, clinical-level results with professional medical follow-up in one easy process.
The First of Long Island Corporation is the bank holding company for The First National Bank of Long Island. The full-service commercial bank serves the financial needs of privately-owned businesses, professionals, consumers, public bodies and other organizations primarily in Nassau and Suffolk Counties, Long Island, and the boroughs of New York City. In 2020, Newsweek named The First National Bank of Long Island as the ?€?Best Small Bank in the State of New York.?€? Member FDIC.
Founded in 1978, FLIR Systems is a world-leading industrial technology company focused on intelligent sensing solutions for defense, industrial, and commercial applications. FLIR Systems?€? vision is to be ?€?The World?€?s Sixth Sense,?€? creating technologies to help professionals make more informed decisions that save lives and livelihoods.
Full House Resorts owns, develops and operates gaming facilities throughout the country. The Company?€?s properties include Silver Slipper Casino and Hotel in Hancock County, Mississippi; Bronco Billy's Casino and Hotel in Cripple Creek, Colorado; Rising Star Casino Resort in Rising Sun, Indiana; and Stockman?€?s Casino in Fallon, Nevada. The Company also operates the Grand Lodge Casino at the Hyatt Regency Lake Tahoe Resort, Spa and Casino in Incline Village, Nevada under a lease agreement with the Hyatt organization.
Falcon Minerals Corporation (NASDAQ: FLMN, FLMNW) is a C-Corporation formed to own and acquire high growth oil-weighted minerals rights. Falcon Minerals owns mineral, royalty, and over-riding royalty interests covering approximately 256,000 gross unit acres in the Eagle Ford Shale and Austin Chalk in Karnes, DeWitt and Gonzales Counties in Texas. The Company also owns approximately 68,000 gross unit acres in the Marcellus Shale across Pennsylvania, Ohio and West Virginia.
Falcon Minerals Corporation Warrant
FLEX LNG Ltd
Fluent is a leading performance marketing company with expertise in creating meaningful connections between consumers and brands. Leveraging our proprietary first-party database of opted-in consumer profiles, Fluent drives intelligent growth strategies that deliver superior outcomes. Founded in 2010, the company is headquartered in New York City.
Headquartered in Thomasville, Ga., Flowers Foods, Inc. is one of the largest producers of packaged bakery foods in the United States with 2019 sales of $4.1 billion. Flowers operates bakeries across the country that produce a wide range of bakery products. Among the company's top brands are Nature's Own, Dave's Killer Bread, Wonder, and Tastykake.
Based in Charlotte, North Carolina, SPX FLOW, Inc. (NYSE:FLOW) is a global supplier of highly engineered solutions, process equipment and turn-key systems, along with the related aftermarket parts and services, into the food and beverage, power and energy and industrial end markets. SPX FLOW has approximately $2 billion in annual revenues with operations in more than 30 countries and sales in more than 150 countries around the world. To learn more about SPX FLOW, please visit www.spxflow.com.
Fluor Corporation is a global engineering, procurement, fabrication, construction and maintenance company with projects and offices on six continents. Fluor?€?s 45,000 employees build a better world and provide sustainable solutions by designing, building and maintaining safe, well executed projects. Fluor had revenue of $17.3 billion in 2019 and is ranked 181 among the Fortune 500 companies. With headquarters in Irving, Texas, Fluor has served its clients for more than 100 years.
Flowserve Corp. is one of the world?€?s leading providers of fluid motion and control products and services. Operating in more than 50 countries, the company produces engineered and industrial pumps, seals and valves as well as a range of related flow management services.
FleetCor Technologies, Inc. is an independent global provider of fuel cards and workforce payment products and services to businesses, commercial fleets, major oil companies, petroleum marketers and government entities in countries throughout North America, Latin America and Europe. It provides its payment products and services in a variety of combinations to create customized payment solutions for its customers and partners. The Company operates in two segments: North American and International. The Company provides its customers with various card products that typically function like a charge card to purchase fuel, lodging, food and related products and services at participating locations. In October 2013, FleetCor Technologies, Inc acquired Epyx and NexTraq.
Under normal market conditions, the Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets in bonds and investments that provide exposure to bonds.  Bonds include, but are not limited to, a variety of fixed and variable rate debt obligations, including government and corporate debt securities; money market instruments; mortgage- and asset-backed securities; and municipal securities.The Fund targets an estimated average portfolio duration of one (1) year or less. Duration is a measure of the expected price volatility of a debt instrument as a result of changes in market rates of interest, based on the weighted average timing of the instrument??s expected principal and interest payments and other factors. For purposes of calculating the Fund's portfolio duration, the Fund includes the effect of derivative investments.The Fund invests predominantly in U.S. dollar denominated, investment grade debt securities and investments. Investment grade debt securities are securities that are rated at the time of purchase in the top four ratings categories by one or more independent rating organizations such as S&P?? Global Ratings (S&P??) (rated BBB- or better) or Moody??s Investors Service (Moody??s) (rated Baa3 or higher) or, if unrated, are determined to be of comparable quality by the Fund??s investment manager. Derivatives whose reference securities are investment grade are considered by the Fund to be investment grade. The Fund??s focus on the credit quality of its portfolio is intended to reduce credit risk and help to preserve the Fund??s capital. The Fund is not a money market fund and does not seek to maintain a stable net asset value of $1.00 per share.The Fund generally expects to invest a substantial portion of its assets in cash, cash equivalents and high quality money market securities, including commercial paper, certificates of deposit, repurchase agreements and affiliated or unaffiliated money market funds.The Fund may invest in securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government or by non-U.S. governments or their respective agencies or instrumentalities, including mortgage-backed securities and inflation-indexed securities issued by the U.S. Treasury. A mortgage-backed security is an interest in a pool of mortgage loans made and packaged or ??pooled?? together by banks, mortgage lenders, various governmental agencies and other financial institutions for sale to investors to finance purchases of homes, commercial buildings and other real estate. The Fund??s investments in mortgage-backed securities include securities that are issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government, its agencies or instrumentalities, which include mortgage pass-through securities representing interests in ??pools?? of mortgage loans issued or guaranteed by the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae), the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac). The Fund also invests in other types of mortgage securities that may be issued or guaranteed by private issuers including commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS). The mortgage securities the Fund invests in may be fixed-rate or adjustable-rate mortgage-backed securities (ARMS).The Fund may invest in mortgage dollar rolls. In a mortgage dollar roll, the Fund sells (or buys) mortgage securities for delivery on a specified date and simultaneously contracts to repurchase (or sell) substantially similar (same type, coupon, and maturity) securities on a future date. The Fund may also purchase or sell mortgage securities on a delayed delivery or forward commitment basis through the ??to-be-announced?? (TBA) market. With TBA transactions, the particular securities to be delivered must meet specified terms and conditions.The Fund may invest in asset-backed securities.  An asset-backed security is a security backed by loans, leases, and other receivables. The Fund may invest in collateralized debt obligations (??CDOs??), including collateralized loan obligations (??CLOs??).The Fund may invest in U.S. dollar denominated foreign securities, including emerging market securities.For purposes of pursuing its investment goal, the Fund may enter into certain interest rate-related derivatives, principally interest rate/bond futures contracts and interest rate swaps. The use of these derivative transactions may allow the Fund to obtain net long or short exposures to select interest rates or durations. These derivatives may be used to enhance Fund returns, increase liquidity, gain exposure to certain instruments or markets in a more efficient or less expensive way and/or hedge risks associated with its other portfolio investments. Derivatives that provide exposure to bonds may be used to satisfy the Fund??s 80% policy.Although the Fund may invest across economic sectors, the Fund concentrates its investments in financials related industries.In choosing investments for the Fund, the investment manager selects securities in various market sectors based on its assessment of changing economic, market, industry and issuer conditions. The investment manager uses a ??top-down?? analysis of macroeconomic trends, combined with a ??bottom-up?? fundamental analysis of market sectors, industries and issuers, to try to take advantage of varying sector reactions to economic events. The investment manger may utilize quantitative models to identify investment opportunities in order to construct a portfolio of investments for the Fund. Quantitative trading models are proprietary systems that rely on mathematical computations to identify trading opportunities. The investment manager may consider selling a security when it believes the security has become fully valued due to either its price appreciation or changes in the issuer??s fundamentals, or when the investment manager believes another security is a more attractive investment opportunity.The Fund is an actively managed exchange-traded fund (ETF) that does not seek to replicate the performance of a specified index.
( www.fluxpower.com ) Flux Power designs, develops, manufactures, and sells advanced rechargeable lithium-ion energy storage solutions for lift trucks and other industrial equipment including airport ground support equipment (GSE), energy storage for solar applications, and industrial robotic applications. Flux Power?€?s LiFT Packs, including the proprietary battery management system (BMS), provide customers with a better performing, more environmentally friendly, and lower total cost alternative, in many instances, to traditional lead acid and propane-based solutions.
1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. is a leading provider of gifts designed to help customers express, connect and celebrate. The Company?€?s Celebrations Ecosystem features our all-star family of brands, including: 1-800-Flowers.com ??, 1-800-Baskets.com ??, Cheryl?€?s Cookies ??, FruitBouquets.com ??, Harry & David ??, Moose Munch ??, The Popcorn Factory ??, Wolferman?€?s ??, Personalization Universe ??, Simply Chocolate ??, and Goodsey ???. We also offer top-quality steaks and chops from Stock Yards ??. Through the Celebrations Passport?? loyalty program, which provides members with free standard shipping and no service charge across our portfolio of brands, 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. strives to deepen relationships with customers. The Company also operates BloomNet ??, an international floral wire service providing a broad-range of products and services designed to help professional florists grow their businesses profitably; Napco ???, a resource for floral gifts and seasonal d??cor; and DesignPac??, a manufacturer of gift baskets and towers. 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. received the Gold award in the ?€?Mobile Payments and Commerce?€? category at the Mobile Marketing Association 2018 Global Smarties Awards. In addition, Harry & David was named to the Internet Retailer 2019 ?€?The Hot 100?€? list. Shares in 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, ticker symbol: FLWS.
Flexion Therapeutics?? is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel, local therapies for the treatment of patients with musculoskeletal conditions, beginning with osteoarthritis, the most common form of arthritis. The Company's core values are focus, ingenuity, tenacity, transparency and fun. Visit flexiontherapeutics.com.
Flexsteel Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the ?€?Company?€?) is one of the largest manufacturers, importers and online marketers of residential furniture and products in the United States. Product offerings include a wide variety of upholstered furniture such as sofas, loveseats, chairs, reclining and rocker-reclining chairs, swivel rockers, sofa beds, convertible bedding units, occasional tables, desks, dining tables and chairs and bedroom furniture. A featured component in most of the upholstered furniture is a unique steel drop-in seat spring from which the name ?€?Flexsteel?€? is derived. The Company distributes its products throughout the United States through its e-commerce channel and dealer network.
Fly Leasing Limited (Fly), formerly Babcock & Brown Air Limited is a global lessor of commercial jet aircraft. The Company is engaged in purchasing commercial aircraft which it, in turn, leases to airlines. The Company's aircraft are leased under long-term to medium-term contracts to a diverse group of airlines worldwide. Fly is a holding company that conducts its business through its subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2011, it had 56 Boeing aircraft and 53 Airbus aircraft in its fleet. FLY Leasing currently has a fleet of 111 aircraft that it leases under multi-year operating leases to 53 airlines in 29 countries. In October 14, 2011, the Company acquired 49 aircrafts (GAAM Portfolio). In October 2013, the Company announced that it has taken delivery of a new B787-8 aircraft. In October 2013, the Company announced that it has purchased a Boeing B737-800 aircraft.
FirstMark Horizon Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Farmers & Merchants Bancorp, Inc. operates as a bank holding company for The Farmers & Merchants State Bank that provides various financial services to individuals and small businesses in Northwest Ohio and Northeast Indiana. It provides checking and savings accounts, individual retirement accounts, and health savings accounts, as well as time deposit services, such as certificates of deposits. The company also offers commercial, agricultural, and residential mortgage loans; consumer loans; loans for farm land, farm equipment, and livestock; operating loans for seed, fertilizer, and feed; home improvements loans; loans for autos, trucks, recreational vehicles, and motorcycles; commercial and industrial loans; and credit cards. In addition, it provides automated teller machine services; and on-line banking, mobile banking, remote deposit capture, and electronic deposit processing services. Farmers & Merchants Bancorp, Inc. was founded in 1897 and is based in Archbold, Ohio.
First Mid Bancshares, Inc. (?€?First Mid?€?) is the parent company of First Mid Bank & Trust, N.A., First Mid Insurance Group, Inc. and First Mid Wealth Management Co. First Mid is a $4.5 billion community-focused organization that provides a full-suite of financial services including banking, wealth management, brokerage, Ag services, and insurance through a sizeable network of locations throughout Illinois and eastern Missouri and a loan production office in the greater Indianapolis area. Together, our First Mid team takes great pride in their work and their ability to serve our customers well over the last 155 years.
First Midwest is a relationship-focused financial institution and one of the largest independent publicly traded bank holding companies based on assets headquartered in Chicago and the Midwest, with approximately $21??billion of assets and an additional $13??billion of assets under management. First Midwest Bank and First Midwest?€?s other affiliates provide a full range of commercial, treasury management, equipment leasing, consumer, wealth management, trust and private banking products and services. First Midwest operates branches and other locations throughout metropolitan Chicago, southeast Wisconsin, northwest Indiana, eastern Iowa and other markets in the Midwest. Visit First Midwest at www.firstmidwest.com. C ontacts Investors: Patrick S. Barrett EVP, Chief Financial Officer 708.831.7231 pat.barrett@firstmidwest.com Media: Maurissa Kanter SVP, Director of Corporate Communications 708.831.7345 maurissa.kanter@firstmidwest.com
FMC Corporation (FMC), is a diversified chemical company. FMC serves agricultural, consumer and industrial markets with solutions, applications and products. It operates in three business segments: Agricultural Products, Specialty Chemicals and Industrial Chemicals. Agricultural Products segment develops, markets and sells all three classes of crop protection chemicals, such as insecticides, herbicides, and fungicides, with particular strength in insecticides and herbicides. Specialty Chemicals consists of its BioPolymer and lithium businesses and focuses on food ingredients that are used to enhance texture, color, structure and physical stability; pharmaceutical additives for binding, encapsulation and disintegrate applications, specialty polymers and pharmaceutical synthesis. In October 2013, FMC Corporation announced the acquisition of the Center for Agricultural and Environmental Biosolutions (CAEB).
. Founded in 1887, Farmers is a diversified financial services company headquartered in Canfield, Ohio, with over $2 billion in banking assets and over $1 billion in trust assets. Farmers?€? wholly-owned subsidiaries are comprised of Farmers National Bank, a full-service national bank engaged in commercial and retail banking with 41 locations in Mahoning, Trumbull, Columbiana, Stark, Summit, Wayne, Medina and Cuyahoga Counties in Ohio and Beaver County in Pennsylvania; Farmers Trust Company, which operates 4 trust offices and offers services in the same geographic markets; National Associates Inc.; and Farmers National Insurance, LLC and Bowers Insurance Agency, Inc. which offer a variety of insurance products.
Fresenius Medical Care is the world's largest provider of products and services for individuals with renal diseases of which around 3.4 million patients worldwide regularly undergo dialysis treatment. Through its network of 3,971 dialysis clinics, Fresenius Medical Care provides dialysis treatments for 336,716 patients around the globe. Fresenius Medical Care is also the leading provider of dialysis products such as dialysis machines or dialyzers. Along with its core business, the company provides related medical services in the field of Care Coordination. Fresenius Medical Care is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (FME) and on the New York Stock Exchange (FMS).
Forma Therapeutics Holdings Inc
Fomento Econ??mico Mexicano, S.A.B. de C.V., through its subsidiaries, operates as a bottler of Coca-Cola trademark beverages and a chain of small-format stores. It produces, markets, sells, and distributes Coca-Cola trademark beverages, including sparkling beverages, such as colas and flavored sparkling beverages; waters; and still beverages, such as juice drinks, coffee, teas, milk, value-added dairy products, and isotonic drinks. The company also operates a chain of small-format stores under the OXXO brand name in Mexico, as well as operates other small-format stores, which include soft discount stores with a focus on perishables and liquor stores. As of December 31, 2013, it operated 11,721 OXXO stores, of which 11,683 are located in Mexico, and 38 stores are located in Bogot??, Colombia. In addition, the company offers various logistics and vehicle maintenance services; and vertical and horizontal commercial refrigerators for the soft drink, beer, and food industries. It has operations in Mexico, Central America, Colombia, Venezuela, Brazil, Argentina, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, and the Philippines. The company was founded in 1890 and is headquartered in Monterrey, Mexico.
Fabrinet is a leading provider of advanced optical packaging and precision optical, electro-mechanical, and electronic manufacturing services to original equipment manufacturers of complex products, such as optical communication components, modules and subsystems, automotive components, medical devices, industrial lasers and sensors. Fabrinet offers a broad range of advanced optical and electro-mechanical capabilities across the entire manufacturing process, including process design and engineering, supply chain management, manufacturing, advanced packaging, integration, final assembly and testing. Fabrinet focuses on production of high complexity products in any mix and any volume. Fabrinet maintains engineering and manufacturing resources and facilities in Thailand, the United States of America, the People?€?s Republic of China and the United Kingdom.
F.N.B. Corporation is a financial holding company and a bank holding company. The Company has four business segments: Community Banking, Wealth Management, Insurance and Consumer Finance. Through its subsidiaries, provides a range of financial services, principally to consumers and small- to medium-sized businesses in its market areas. As of December 31, 2011, it had total assets of $9.8 billion, loans of $6.9 billion and deposits of $7.3 billion. The Wealth Management segment consisted of a trust company, a registered investment advisor and a subsidiary that offered broker-dealer services, through a third party networking arrangement with a non-affiliated licensed broker-dealer entity. The Insurance segment consisted of an insurance agency and a reinsurer. The Consumer Finance segment consisted of a multi-state consumer finance company. In October 2013, PVF Capital Corp completed its merger with and into F.N.B. Corp (FNB).
F.N.B. Corporation Depositary Shares Series E
First National Community Bancorp, Inc. is a bank holding company. First National Community Bank (the Bank) is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company's primary activity consists of owning and operating the Bank, which provides customary retail and commercial banking services to individuals and businesses. The Bank's operations are conducted from 21 branches located in Lackawanna, Luzerne, Wayne and Monroe Counties, Pennsylvania. The Bank provides many retail banking services and products to individuals and businesses, including Image Checking and E-Statement. Deposit products include various checking, savings and certificate of deposit products, as well as a variety of preferred products for higher balance customers. The Bank also offers customers 24-hour banking, seven days a week, through FNCB Online and its Bill Payment service via the Internet and its automated teller machine (ATM) network. The Bank has ATMs in all 21 branch offices and 10 other locations.

Fidelity National Financial, Inc. is a leading provider of title insurance and transaction services to the real estate and mortgage industries. FNF is the nation's largest title insurance company through its title insurance underwriters - Fidelity National Title, Chicago Title, Commonwealth Land Title, Alamo Title and National Title of New York - that collectively issue more title insurance policies than any other title company in the United States.
Bank of Montreal Quebec MicroSectors FANG Index ETN 01082038
Federated National Holding Company (Federated National), formerly 21st Century Holding Company, is an insurance holding company, which through its subsidiaries and its contractual relationships with its independent agents and general agents, controls all aspects of the insurance underwriting, distribution and claims processes. Federated National is authorized to underwrite homeowners' multi-peril (homeowners), personal umbrella, commercial general liability, following form commercial excess liability, personal and commercial automobile, fire, allied lines, workers' compensation, business personal property and commercial inland marine insurance. On January 26, 2011, Federated National merged into the Company's other wholly owned subsidiary, American Vehicle Insurance Company (American Vehicle), with resulting entity being Federated National.
Headquartered in Everett, Washington, Funko is a leading pop culture consumer products company. Funko designs, sources and distributes licensed pop culture products across multiple categories, including vinyl figures, action toys, plush, apparel, housewares and accessories for consumers who seek tangible ways to connect with their favorite pop culture brands and characters.
The First Bancorp, Inc. is a holding company of The First, N.A. (the Bank). The Bank focuses on personal service, and its customers are primarily small businesses and individuals to whom the Bank offers a variety of services, including deposit accounts, consumer and commercial and mortgage loans. In addition to traditional banking services, the Company provides investment management and private banking services through First Advisors, which is an operating division of the Bank. As of December 31, 2011, First Advisors had assets under management of $619.3 million, consisting of 730 trust accounts, estate accounts, agency accounts, and self-directed individual retirement accounts. First Advisors offers an array of private banking, financial planning, investment management and trust services to individuals, businesses, non-profit organizations and municipalities. The Bank operates 14 full-service banking offices in four counties in the Mid-Coast and Down East regions of Maine.
Franco-Nevada Corporation (Franco-Nevada), is a gold-focused royalty and stream company with additional interests in platinum group metals (PGMs), oil and gas and other resource assets. As of December 31, 2011, its portfolio included over 300 assets covering properties at various stages from production to early stage exploration. As of December 31, 2011, its portfolio also includes profit-based royalties and other forms of periodic future payments. The oil and gas assets are located primarily in the Western Canadian sedimentary basin. The oil and gas assets also include mineral rights to approximately 100,000 gross acres of unproved land in Canada primarily related to oil and natural gas rights, as well as working interests in Arctic gas resources. On December 1, 2011, the Company acquired Lumina Royalty Corp. (Lumina). On February 23, 2012, Franco-Nevada acquired an additional 1.15% working interest in the Weyburn Unit in southeast Saskatchewan.
First Northwest Bancorp
Focus Financial Partners Inc - Ordinary Shares - Class A
Ferro Corporation ( www.ferro.com ) is a leading global supplier of technology-based functional coatings and color solutions. Ferro supplies functional coatings for glass, metal, ceramic and other substrates and color solutions in the form of specialty pigments and colorants for a broad range of industries and applications. Ferro products are sold into the building and construction, automotive, electronics, industrial products, household furnishings and appliance markets. The Company?€?s reportable segments include: Functional Coatings and Color Solutions. Headquartered in Mayfield Heights, Ohio, the Company has approximately 5,744 associates globally and reported 2019 sales of $1.0 billion. Included within our employee count are approximately 2,100 employees in our foreign consolidated subsidiaries associated with the Tile Coatings Systems business.
Amicus Therapeutics is a global, patient-dedicated biotechnology company focused on discovering, developing and delivering novel high-quality medicines for people living with rare metabolic diseases. With extraordinary patient focus, Amicus Therapeutics is committed to advancing and expanding a robust pipeline of cutting-edge, first- or best-in-class medicines for rare metabolic diseases.
Fonar Corporation (Fonar) operates in two segments: medical equipment segment, and physician management and diagnostic services segment. The Company is engaged in the business of designing, manufacturing, selling and servicing magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scanners, which utilize MRI technology for the detection and diagnosis of human disease, abnormalities, other medical conditions and injuries. Health Management Corporation of America (HMCA) was established as a wholly owned subsidiary to enable the Company to expand into the business of providing management services to medical providers. HMCA provides management services, administrative services, billing and collection services, office space, equipment, repair, maintenance service and clerical and other non-medical personnel to medical providers. As of June 30, 2012, Imperial managed 11 diagnostic imaging facilities located in states of New York and Florida.
Forestar Group Inc. is a residential lot development company with operations in 51 markets and 22 states at June 30, 2020 and is a majority-owned subsidiary of D.R. Horton, the largest homebuilder by volume in the United States since 2002.
Incorporated in 1962, and headquartered in Long Island, New York, Forward Industries is a global design, manufacturing, sourcing and distribution group. The company has a 30-year plus track record of Far Eastern sourcing capability. Forward?€?s products can be viewed online at www.forwardindustries.com.
Fuling Global manufactures and distributes mainly environmentally-friendly disposable serviceware for the foodservice industry, with six precision manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Mexico, Indonesia and China. The Company's plastic and paper serviceware products include disposable cutlery, drinking straws, cups, plates and other plastic and paper products and are used by more than one hundred customers, including some of the world's most notable quick-service restaurants and retailers, primarily in the U.S., China, Canada and European countries.
FormFactor, Inc., is a leading provider of essential test and measurement technologies along the full IC life cycle ?€?from inspection and metrology, characterization, modeling, reliability, and design de-bug, to qualification and production test. Semiconductor companies rely upon FormFactor?€?s products and services to accelerate profitability by optimizing device performance and advancing yield knowledge. The Company serves customers through its network of facilities in Asia, Europe, and North America.
Forrester is one of the most influential research and advisory firms in the world. We help organizations grow through customer obsession, putting their customers at the center of leadership, strategy, and operations. Through Forrester's proprietary research, consulting, and events, business and technology leaders from around the globe are empowered to be bold at work ?€? to navigate change and build customer-obsessed growth strategies. Our unique insights are grounded in annual surveys of more than 675,000 consumers, business leaders, and technology leaders worldwide; rigorous and objective methodologies, including Forrester Wave??? evaluations; and the shared wisdom of our most innovative clients.
Formula Systems (1985) Ltd. (Formula) is a global information technology (IT) solutions and services company based in Israel. The Company is principally engaged in providing software consulting services, developing software products and providing computer-based business solutions. It delivers its solutions in over 50 countries worldwide to customers with IT services needs. The Company's subsidiaries are Magic Software Enterprises Ltd. (Magic Software), Matrix IT Ltd. (Matrix) and Sapiens International Corporation N.V. (Sapiens). The Company operates in two business areas: IT services and proprietary software solutions. In February 2010, a subsidiary of Magic Software completed the acquisition of the consulting and staffing business of a United States-based IT services company. In October 2009, the Company completed the sale of its entire 100% shareholdings in its subsidiary nextSource.
Fossil Group, Inc. is a global design, marketing, distribution and innovation company specializing in lifestyle accessories. Under a diverse portfolio of owned and licensed brands, our offerings include fashion watches, jewelry, handbags, small leather goods and wearables. We are committed to delivering the best in design and innovation across our owned brands, Fossil, Michele, Misfit, Relic, Skagen and Zodiac, and licensed brands, Armani Exchange, BMW, Diesel, DKNY, Emporio Armani, kate spade new york, Michael Kors, PUMA and Tory Burch. We bring each brand story to life through an extensive distribution network across numerous geographies, categories, and channels.
Shift4 Payments is a leading provider of integrated payment processing and technology solutions, delivering a complete omnichannel ecosystem that extends beyond payments to include a wide range of value-added services. The company?€?s technologies help power over 350 software providers in numerous industries, including hospitality, retail, F&B, e-commerce, lodging, gaming, and many more. With over 7,000 sales partners, the company securely processed more than 3.5 billion transactions annually for over 200,000 businesses in 2019.
Fox Corp
Fox Corp
Fox Factory Holding Corp. designs and manufactures performance-defining ride dynamics products primarily for bicycles, on-road and off-road vehicles and trucks, side-by-side vehicles, all-terrain vehicles, snowmobiles, specialty vehicles and applications, motorcycles, and commercial trucks. The Company is a direct supplier to leading powered vehicle OEMs. Additionally, the Company supplies top bicycle OEMs and their contract manufacturers, and provides aftermarket products to retailers and distributors. FOX is a registered trademark of Fox Factory, Inc. NASDAQ Global Select Market is a registered trademark of The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to reporting financial measures in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (?€?GAAP?€?), FOX is including in this press release ?€?non-GAAP adjusted gross margin,?€? ?€?non-GAAP operating expense,?€? ?€?non-GAAP adjusted net income,?€? ?€?non-GAAP adjusted earnings per diluted share,?€? ?€?adjusted EBITDA,?€? and ?€?adjusted EBITDA margin,?€? all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. FOX defines non-GAAP adjusted gross margin as gross profit margin adjusted for certain strategic transformation costs and the amortization of acquired inventory valuation markup. FOX defines non-GAAP operating expense as operating expense adjusted for amortization of purchased intangibles, patent litigation-related expenses, acquisition and integration-related expenses, strategic transformation costs and costs related to tax restructuring initiatives. FOX defines non-GAAP adjusted net income as net income attributable to FOX Stockholders adjusted for amortization of purchased intangibles, patent litigation-related expenses, acquisition and integration-related expenses, strategic transformation costs, and costs related to tax restructuring initiatives, all net of applicable tax. These adjustments are more fully described in the tables included at the end of this press release. Non-GAAP adjusted earnings per diluted share is defined as non-GAAP adjusted net income divided by the weighted average number of diluted shares of common stock outstanding during the period. FOX defines adjusted EBITDA as net income adjusted for interest expense, net other expense, income taxes, amortization of purchased intangibles, depreciation, stock-based compensation, patent litigation-related expenses, acquisition and integration-related expenses, strategic transformation costs, and costs related to tax restructuring initiatives that are more fully described in the tables included at the end of this press release. Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by sales. FOX includes these non-GAAP financial measures because it believes they allow investors to understand and evaluate the Company?€?s core operating performance and trends. In particular, the exclusion of certain items in calculating non-GAAP operating expense, non-GAAP adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA (and accordingly, non-GAAP adjusted earnings per diluted share and adjusted EBITDA margin) can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of the Company?€?s core business. These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, including the fact that such non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies because other companies may calculate non-GAAP operating expense, non-GAAP adjusted net income, non-GAAP adjusted earnings per diluted share, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin differently than FOX does. For more information regarding these non-GAAP financial measures, see the tables included at the end of this press release. FOX FACTORY HOLDING CORP. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except per share data) As of As of October 2, January 3 2020 2020 (Unaudited) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 278,246 $ 43,736 Accounts receivable (net of allowances of $837 and $810 at October??2, 2020 and January??3, 2020, respectively) 114,097 91,632 Inventory 135,687 128,505 Prepaids and other current assets 31,605 17,940 Total current assets 559,635 281,813 Property, plant and equipment, net 156,819 108,379 Lease right-of-use assets 25,695 17,472 Deferred tax assets 18,525 25,725 Goodwill 287,113 93,527 Intangibles, net 209,590 81,949 Other assets 3,149 451 Total assets $ 1,260,526 $ 609,316 Liabilities and stockholders?€? equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 101,439 $ 55,144 Accrued expenses 61,393 35,744 Reserve for uncertain tax positions 1,055 925 Current portion of long-term debt 10,000 ?€? Total current liabilities 173,887 91,813 Line of credit ?€? 68,000 Long-term debt, less current portion 379,242 ?€? Other liabilities 23,470 11,584 Total liabilities 576,599 171,397 Redeemable non-controlling interest ?€? 15,719 Stockholders?€? equity Preferred stock, $0.001 par value ?€? 10,000 authorized and no shares issued or outstanding as of October??2, 2020 and January??3, 2020 ?€? ?€? Common stock, $0.001 par value ?€? 90,000 authorized; 42,601 shares issued and 41,712 outstanding as of October??2, 2020; 39,448 shares issued and 38,559 outstanding as of January??3, 2020 42 39 Additional paid-in capital 334,486 123,274 Treasury stock, at cost; 890 common shares as of October??2, 2020 and January??3, 2020 (13,754 ) (13,754 ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income (32 ) 150 Retained earnings 363,185 312,491 Total stockholders?€? equity 683,927 422,200 Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interest and stockholders?€? equity $ 1,260,526 $ 609,316 FOX FACTORY HOLDING CORP. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (In thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) For the three months ended For the nine months ended October 2, September 27, October 2, September 27, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Sales $ 260,700 $ 211,317 $ 628,163 $ 565,139 Cost of sales 171,226 141,500 422,088 382,045 Gross profit 89,474 69,817 206,075 183,094 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing 13,667 11,660 38,291 32,186 Research and development 8,514 8,376 24,779 23,442 General and administrative 16,463 12,727 53,443 36,065 Amortization of purchased intangibles 5,277 1,694 13,084 4,751 Total operating expenses 43,921 34,457 129,597 96,444 Income from operations 45,553 35,360 76,478 86,650 Other expense, net: Interest expense 2,291 748 7,030 2,582 Other (income) expense (189 ) (37 ) (57 ) 532 Other expense, net 2,102 711 6,973 3,114 Income before income taxes 43,451 34,649 69,505 83,536 Provision for income taxes 5,431 4,473 9,555 11,596 Net income 38,020 30,176 59,950 71,940 Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interest ?€? 689 1,072 1,429 Net income attributable to FOX stockholders $ 38,020 $ 29,487 $ 58,878 $ 70,511 Earnings per share: Basic $ 0.91 $ 0.77 $ 1.48 $ 1.84 Diluted $ 0.90 $ 0.75 $ 1.46 $ 1.80 Weighted-average shares used to compute earnings per share: Basic 41,616 38,451 39,726 38,259 Diluted 42,206 39,174 40,314 39,151 FOX FACTORY HOLDING CORP. NET INCOME TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED NET INCOME RECONCILIATION AND CALCULATION OF NON-GAAP ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE (In thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) The following table provides a reconciliation of net income attributable to FOX stockholders, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to non-GAAP adjusted net income (a non-GAAP measure), and the calculation of non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share (a non-GAAP measure) for the three and nine months ended October??2, 2020 and September??27, 2019. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided in addition to, and not as alternatives for, the Company?€?s reported GAAP results. For the three months ended For the nine months ended October 2, September 27, October 2, September 27, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net income attributable to FOX stockholders $ 38,020 $ 29,487 $ 58,878 $ 70,511 Amortization of purchased intangibles 5,277 1,694 13,084 4,751 Patent litigation-related expenses 484 860 1,627 4,047 Other acquisition and integration-related expenses (1) 1,567 831 13,944 1,944 Strategic transformation costs (2) 622 244 2,322 1,160 Tax reform implementation costs ?€? ?€? ?€? 186 Tax impacts of reconciling items above (3) (613 ) (445 ) (4,258 ) (1,678 ) Non-GAAP adjusted net income $ 45,357 $ 32,671 $ 85,597 $ 80,921 Non-GAAP adjusted EPS Basic $ 1.09 $ 0.85 $ 2.15 $ 2.12 Diluted $ 1.07 $ 0.83 $ 2.12 $ 2.07 Weighted average shares used to compute non-GAAP adjusted EPS Basic 41,616 38,451 39,726 38,259 Diluted 42,206 39,174 40,314 39,151 (1) Represents various acquisition-related costs and expenses incurred to integrate acquired entities into the Company?€?s operations and the impact of the finished goods inventory valuation adjustment recorded in connection with the purchase of acquired assets, per period as follows: For the three months ended For the nine months ended October 2, September 27, October 2, September 27, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Acquisition related costs and expenses $ 1,567 $ 162 $ 13,884 $ 847 Finished goods inventory valuation adjustment ?€? 669 60 1,097 Other acquisition and integration-related expenses $ 1,567 $ 831 $ 13,944 $ 1,944 (2) Represents costs associated with various strategic initiatives including the expansion of the Powered Vehicles Group?€?s manufacturing operations. For the three and nine month periods ended October??2, 2020, $144 and $965 is classified as operating expense, and $478 and $1,357 is classified as cost of sales, respectively. For the three and nine month periods ended September??27, 2019, $244 and $664, respectively is classified as operating expenses and for the nine months ended September??27, 2019 $496 is classified as cost of sales. (3) Tax impact calculated based on the respective year to date effective tax rate, including the full year impact of non-deductible transaction costs. FOX FACTORY HOLDING CORP. NET INCOME TO ADJUSTED EBITDA RECONCILIATION AND CALCULATION OF NET INCOME MARGIN AND ADJUSTED EBITDA MARGIN (In thousands) (Unaudited) The following tables provide a reconciliation of net income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP measure), and the calculations of net income margin and adjusted EBITDA margin (a non-GAAP measure) for the three and nine months ended October??2, 2020 and September??27, 2019. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided in addition to, and not as alternatives for, the Company?€?s reported GAAP results. For the three months ended For the nine months ended October 2, September 27, October 2, September 27, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net income $ 38,020 $ 30,176 $ 59,950 $ 71,940 Provision for income taxes 5,431 4,473 9,555 11,596 Depreciation and amortization 9,709 4,663 24,739 12,857 Non-cash stock-based compensation 2,362 1,605 6,360 4,955 Patent litigation-related expenses 484 860 1,627 4,047 Other acquisition and integration-related expenses (1) 1,409 831 13,570 1,944 Strategic transformation costs (2) 622 244 2,322 1,160 Tax reform implementation costs ?€? ?€? ?€? 186 Other expense, net 2,102 711 6,973 3,114 Adjusted EBITDA $ 60,139 $ 43,563 $ 125,096 $ 111,799 Net Income Margin 14.6 % 14.3 % 9.5 % 12.7 % Adjusted EBITDA Margin 23.1 % 20.6 % 19.9 % 19.8 % (1) Represents various acquisition-related costs and expenses incurred to integrate acquired entities into the Company?€?s operations, excluding $158 and $373 in stock-based compensation for the three and nine month periods ended October??2, 2020, and the impact of the finished goods inventory valuation adjustment recorded in connection with the purchase of acquired assets, per period as follows: For the three months ended For the nine months ended October 2, September 27, October 2, September 27, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Acquisition related costs and expenses $ 1,409 $ 162 $ 13,510 $ 847 Finished goods inventory valuation adjustment ?€? 669 60 1,097 Other acquisition and integration-related expenses $ 1,409 $ 831 $ 13,570 $ 1,944 (2) Represents costs associated with various strategic initiatives including the expansion of the Powered Vehicles Group?€?s manufacturing operations. For the three and nine month periods ended October??2, 2020, $144 and $965 is classified as operating expense, and $478 and $1,357 is classified as cost of sales, respectively. For the three and nine month periods ended September??27, 2019, $244 and $664, respectively is classified as operating expenses and for the nine months ended September??27, 2019 $496 is classified as cost of sales. FOX FACTORY HOLDING CORP. GROSS PROFIT TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED GROSS PROFIT RECONCILIATION AND CALCULATION OF GROSS MARGIN AND NON-GAAP ADJUSTED GROSS MARGIN (In thousands) (Unaudited) The following table provides a reconciliation of gross profit to non-GAAP adjusted gross profit (a non-GAAP measure) for the??three and nine??months ended October??2, 2020 and??September??27, 2019, and the calculation of gross margin and non-GAAP adjusted gross margin (a non-GAAP measure). These non-GAAP financial measures are provided in addition to, and not as alternatives for, the Company?€?s reported GAAP results. For the three months ended For the nine months ended October 2, September 27, October 2, September 27, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Sales $ 260,700 $ 211,317 $ 628,163 $ 565,139 Gross Profit $ 89,474 $ 69,817 $ 206,075 $ 183,094 Strategic transformation costs (1) 478 ?€? 1,357 496 Amortization of acquired inventory valuation markup (2) ?€? 669 60 1,097 Non-GAAP Adjusted Gross Profit $ 89,952 $ 70,486 $ 207,492 $ 184,687 Gross Margin 34.3 % 33.0 % 32.8 % 32.4 % Non-GAAP Adjusted Gross Margin 34.5 % 33.4 % 33.0 % 32.7 % (1) Represents costs associated with various strategic initiatives including the expansion of the Powered Vehicles Group?€?s manufacturing operations. (2) Represents the impact of the finished goods inventory valuation adjustment recorded in connection with our 2020 acquisition of SCA and our 2019 acquisition of Ridetech. FOX FACTORY HOLDING CORP. OPERATING EXPENSE TO NON-GAAP OPERATING EXPENSE RECONCILIATION AND CALCULATION OF OPERATING EXPENSE AND NON-GAAP OPERATING EXPENSE AS A PERCENTAGE OF SALES (In thousands) (Unaudited) The following tables provide a reconciliation of operating expense to non-GAAP operating expense (a non-GAAP measure) and the calculations of operating expense as a percentage of sales and non-GAAP operating expense as a percentage of sales (a non-GAAP measure), for the three and nine months ended October??2, 2020 and September??27, 2019. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the Company?€?s reported GAAP results. For the three months ended For the nine months ended October 2, September 27, October 2, September 27, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Sales $ 260,700 $ 211,317 $ 628,163 $ 565,139 Operating Expense $ 43,921 $ 34,457 $ 129,597 $ 96,444 Amortization of purchased intangibles (5,277 ) (1,694 ) (13,084 ) (4,751 ) Patent litigation-related expenses (484 ) (860 ) (1,627 ) (4,047 ) Other acquisition and integration-related expenses (1) (1,567 ) (162 ) (13,884 ) (847 ) Strategic transformation costs (2) (144 ) (244 ) (965 ) (664 ) Tax reform implementation costs ?€? ?€? ?€? (186 ) Non-GAAP operating expense $ 36,449 $ 31,497 $ 100,037 $ 85,949 Operating expense as a percentage of sales 16.8 % 16.3 % 20.6 % 17.1 % Non-GAAP operating expense as a percentage of sales 14.0 % 14.9 % 15.9 % 15.2 % (1) Represents various acquisition-related costs and expenses incurred to integrate acquired entities into the Company?€?s operations. (2) Represents costs associated with various strategic initiatives including the expansion of the Powered Vehicles Group?€?s manufacturing operations.
FlexShopper, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of FlexShopper, Inc. (FPAY), is a financial and technology company that provides brand name electronics, home furnishings and other durable goods to consumers on a lease-to-own (LTO) basis through its e-commerce marketplace (www.FlexShopper.com) as well as its patented and patent pending systems. FlexShopper also provides LTO technology platforms to retailers and e-retailers to facilitate transactions with consumers that want to acquire their products, but do not have sufficient cash or credit. FlexShopper approves consumers utilizing its proprietary consumer screening model, collects from consumers under an LTO contract and funds the LTO transactions by paying merchants for the goods.

Farmland Partners Inc., a real estate company, owns and seeks to acquire primary crop farmland located in agricultural markets throughout North America. As of March 19, 2015, the company owned 93 farms with an aggregate of approximately 49,346 acres in Arkansas, Colorado, Illinois, Louisiana, Mississippi, Nebraska, and South Carolina. Farmland Partners Inc. was founded in 2013 and is based in Westminster, Colorado.
Farmland Partners Inc. Series B Participating Preferred Stock
Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc. discovers and develops innovative protein therapeutics to improve the lives of patients with serious diseases. Five Prime?€?s product candidates have innovative mechanisms of action and address patient populations in need of better therapies. The company focuses on researching and developing immuno-oncology and targeted cancer therapies paired with companion diagnostics to identify patients who are most likely to benefit from treatment with Five Prime?€?s product candidates. Five Prime has entered into strategic collaborations with leading global pharmaceutical companies and has promising product candidates in clinical and preclinical development.
First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. is a leading fully integrated owner, operator, and developer of industrial real estate with a track record of providing industry-leading customer service to multinational corporations and regional customers. Across major markets in the United States, our local market experts manage, lease, buy, (re)develop, and sell bulk and regional distribution centers, light industrial, and other industrial facility types. In total, we own and have under development approximately 64.1 million square feet of industrial space as of September 30, 2020.
Franklin Financial Services Corporation is a bank holding company. The Company conducts substantially all of its business through its direct banking subsidiary, F&M Trust (the Bank), which is wholly owned. Other direct subsidiaries of the Company include Franklin Financial Properties Corp. and Franklin Future Fund Inc. The Bank is a full-service, Pennsylvania-chartered commercial bank and trust company. It operates 25 community banking offices in Franklin, Cumberland, Fulton and Huntingdon Counties, Pennsylvania. It is engaged in general commercial, retail banking and trust services associated with community banks and its deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC). The Bank offers a variety of banking services to businesses, individuals, and governmental entities. These services include, accepting and maintaining checking, savings, and time deposit accounts, providing investment and trust services, making loans and providing safe deposit facilities.
francesca's?? is a specialty retailer which operates a nationwide-chain of boutiques providing customers a unique, fun and personalized shopping experience. The merchandise assortment is a diverse and balanced mix of apparel, jewelry, accessories and gifts. Today, francesca's?? operates approximately 700 boutiques in 47 states and the District of Columbia and also serves its customers through francescas.com.
No Description Available
Republic First Bancorp, Inc. is a one bank holding company that operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Republic First Bank (Republic), a state-chartered commercial bank. Republic offers commercial and consumer banking services with an emphasis on serving the needs of individuals, small and medium-sized businesses, executives, professionals and professional organizations in its service area. Republic offers both commercial and consumer deposit accounts. Republic offers a range of loan and credit facilities to the businesses and residents of its service area, including secured and unsecured commercial loans, commercial real estate and construction loans, residential mortgages, automobile loans, home improvement loans, home equity and overdraft lines of credit, and other products. The Company also has three unconsolidated subsidiaries, which are statutory trusts established by the Company in connection with its sponsorship of three separate issuances of trust preferred securities.
Founded in 1985, First Republic and its subsidiaries offer private banking, private business banking and private wealth management, including investment, trust and brokerage services. First Republic specializes in delivering exceptional, relationship-based service and offers a complete line of products, including residential, commercial and personal loans, deposit services, and wealth management. Services are offered through preferred banking or wealth management offices primarily in San Francisco, Palo Alto, Los Angeles, Santa Barbara, Newport Beach and San Diego, California; Portland, Oregon; Boston, Massachusetts; Palm Beach, Florida; Greenwich, Connecticut; New York, New York; and Jackson, Wyoming. First Republic is a constituent of the S&P 500 Index and KBW Nasdaq Bank Index.
FIRST REPUBLIC BANK Depositary Shares Series G
FIRST REPUBLIC BANK Depositary Shares Series I

Friedman Industries, Incorporated is engaged in steel processing, pipe manufacturing and processing and steel and pipe distribution. The Company has two product groups: coil and tubular products. The Company's Coil business segment is engaged in the processing and distribution of hot-rolled steel coils at its locations in Hickman, Arkansas and Decatur, Alabama. The tubular business segment of Friedman Industries operates under the division, Texas Tubular Products (TTP).
DELISTED - FreeSeas Inc. (FreeSeas) is a parent holding company of its ship-owning companies. The Company's fleet consists of six Handysize vessels and one Handymax vessel that carry a variety of drybulk commodities, including iron ore, grain and coal, which are referred to as bulks, as well as bauxite, phosphate, fertilizers, steel products, cement, sugar and rice, or minor bulks. As of April 2, 2013, the aggregate deadweight tonnage (dwt) of its operational fleet is approximately 197,200 dwt and the average age of its fleet is 15.5 years. The Company owns seven vessels, each of which is owned through a separate wholly owned subsidiary.
Whole Earth Brands Inc. Warrant
Frequency Therapeutics Inc
Liberty Tax Inc
Franchise Group Inc
Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc., owns, operates and franchises the Pollo Tropical?? and Taco Cabana?? restaurant brands. The brands specialize in the operation of fast casual/quick service restaurants that offer distinct and unique flavors with broad appeal at a compelling value. The brands feature fresh-made cooking, drive-thru service and catering.
Freedom Holding Corp (NV)
Freeline Therapeutics Holdings plc ADS Sponsored
First Merchants Corporation is a financial holding company headquartered in Muncie, Indiana. The Corporation has one full-service bank charter, First Merchants Bank. The Bank also operates as First Merchants Private Wealth Advisors (as a division of First Merchants Bank). First Merchants Corporation?€?s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market System under the symbol FRME. Quotations are carried in daily newspapers and can be found on the company?€?s website ( www.firstmerchants.com ). FIRST MERCHANTS and the Shield Logo are federally registered trademarks of First Merchants Corporation. Karen Evens, Vice President/Director of Marketing 765-747-1477 http://www.firstmerchants.com/
Frontline Ltd. (the ?€?Company?€?) is a world leader in the seaborne transportation of crude oil and refined products. The Company owns and operates a large, modern fleet of vessels within the VLCC, Suezmax and Aframax/LR2 segments and is one of the largest listed tanker companies by carrying capacity. Due to Frontline?€?s brand, financial flexibility, and significant scale, it holds a unique position among its peers.
JFrog Ltd
FRP Holdings, Inc. engages in the transportation and real estate businesses in the United States. It operates in three segments: Transportation, Mining Royalty Land, and Developed Property Rentals. The Transportation segment hauls petroleum and other liquids, and dry bulk commodities through tank trailers. As of September 30, 2014, it operated a fleet of 486 tractors and 588 tank trailers. The Mining Royalty Land segment owns real estate properties, which include construction aggregate royalty sites and parcels held for investment. It owns a total of 10,423 acres in Grandin, Keuka, and Newberry in Florida; Columbus, Macon, and Tyrone in Georgia; and Manassas in Virginia, as well as 1,923 acres of investment properties in Gulf Hammock, Brooksville, Palatka, and Polk County in Florida, and Yatesville and Henderson in Georgia. This segment also owns a total of 4,771 acres under royalty agreements in Ft. Myers, Airgrove/Lake County, Marion County, Astatula/Lake County, and Lake Louisa in Florida; and Forest Park in Georgia. The Developed Property Rentals segment acquires, constructs, and leases office/warehouse buildings, primarily in the Baltimore/Northern Virginia/Washington area; and holds real estate for future development. As of the above date, it owned 407 acres in 16 developed parcels of land located in the Mid-Atlantic region. The company was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida.
Freshpet, Inc. manufactures and markets natural fresh products, refrigerated meals, and treats for dogs and cats in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The company sells its products under the Freshpet brand; and Dognation and Dog Joy labels through various classes of retail, including grocery, mass, club, pet specialty, and natural, as well as online. Freshpet, Inc. was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in Secaucus, New Jersey.
Foresight Autonomous Holdings Ltd.
Federal Realty is a recognized leader in the ownership, operation and redevelopment of high-quality retail-based properties located primarily in major coastal markets from Washington, D.C. to Boston as well as San Francisco and Los Angeles. Founded in 1962, Federal Realty's mission is to deliver long-term, sustainable growth through investing in densely populated, affluent communities where retail demand exceeds supply. Its expertise includes creating urban, mixed-use neighborhoods like Santana Row in San Jose, California, Pike & Rose in North Bethesda, Maryland and Assembly Row in Somerville, Massachusetts. These unique and vibrant environments that combine shopping, dining, living and working provide a destination experience valued by their respective communities. Federal Realty's 104 properties include approximately 2,800 tenants, in 24 million square feet, and approximately 2,800 residential units. Federal Realty has increased its quarterly dividends to its shareholders for 53 consecutive years, the longest record in the REIT industry. Federal Realty is an S&P 500 index member and its shares are traded on the NYSE under the symbol FRT.
Federal Realty Investment Trust Depositary Shares Series C
Forterra is a leading manufacturer of water and drainage pipe and products in the U.S. and Eastern Canada for a variety of water-related infrastructure applications, including water transmission, distribution, drainage and stormwater systems. Based in Irving, Texas, Forterra?€?s product breadth and scale help make it a preferred supplier for water-related pipe and products, serving a wide variety of customers, including contractors, distributors and municipalities.
FS Bancorp, Inc., a Washington corporation, is the holding company for 1st Security Bank of Washington. The Bank provides loan and deposit services to customers who are predominantly small- and middle-market businesses and individuals in Western Washington through its 21 bank branches, one headquarter office that accepts deposits, and seven loan production offices in various suburban communities in the greater Puget Sound area, and one loan production office in the market area of the Tri-Cities, Washington. The Bank services home mortgage customers throughout Washington State with an emphasis in the Puget Sound and Tri-Cities home lending markets.
FS Development Corp
First Seacoast Bancorp
First Savings Financial Group, Inc. (First Savings Financial Group), is a holding company for First Savings Bank, F.S.B. (the Bank). It operates as a community-oriented financial institution offering traditional financial services to consumers and businesses in its primary market area. It attracts deposits from the public and uses those funds to originate residential mortgage loans, commercial mortgage loans and commercial business loans. It also originates residential and commercial construction loans, multi-family loans, land and land development loans, and consumer loans. It conducts its lending and deposit activities primarily with individuals and small businesses in its primary market area. On July 6, 2012, the Company announced that the Bank, acquired the Indiana branch offices of Elizabethtown, Kentucky-based First Federal Savings Bank of Elizabethtown, Inc. On July 6, 2012, First Financial Services Corp. divested its four branch retail bank franchise in Indiana to the Bank.
Flexible Solutions International, Inc. operates through two wholly owned subsidiaries, including Flexible Solutions Ltd. and NanoChem Solutions Inc. The Company and its subsidiaries are engaged in developing, manufacturing and marketing specialty chemicals, which slow the evaporation of water. The Company operates in two segments: development and marketing of two lines of energy and water conservation products, which consists of a liquid swimming pool blanket, which saves energy and water by inhibiting evaporation from the pool surface, and food-safe powdered form of the active ingredient within the liquid blanket and which is designed to be used in still or slow moving drinking water sources, and manufacture of biodegradable polymers and chemical additives used within the petroleum, chemical, utility and mining industries to prevent corrosion and scaling in water piping.
FSK is a publicly traded business development company (BDC) focused on providing customized credit solutions to private middle market U.S. companies. FSK seeks to invest primarily in the senior secured debt and, to a lesser extent, the subordinated debt of private middle market companies to achieve the best risk-adjusted returns for its investors. FSK is advised by FS/KKR Advisor, LLC. About FS/KKR Advisor, LLC FS/KKR Advisor, LLC (FS/KKR) is a partnership between FS Investments and KKR Credit that serves as the investment adviser to BDCs with approximately $17 billion in assets under management as of September??30, 2019. The BDCs managed by FS/KKR include FSK, FS Investment Corporation II, FS Investment Corporation III, FS Investment Corporation IV and Corporate Capital Trust II. FS Investments is a leading asset manager dedicated to helping individuals, financial professionals and institutions design better portfolios. The firm provides access to alternative sources of income and growth, and focuses on setting industry standards for investor protection, education and transparency. FS Investments is headquartered in Philadelphia, PA with offices in New York, NY, Orlando, FL and Washington, DC. KKR Credit is a subsidiary of KKR??& Co. Inc., a leading global investment firm that manages multiple alternative asset classes, including private equity, energy, infrastructure, real estate and credit, with strategic manager partnerships that manage hedge funds. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns for its fund investors by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and driving growth and value creation with KKR portfolio companies. KKR invests its own capital alongside the capital it manages for fund investors and provides financing solutions and investment opportunities through its capital markets business. References to KKR's investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds.
FS KKR Capital Corp. II
First Solar is a leading global provider of comprehensive photovoltaic (?€?PV?€?) solar energy solutions, which use its advanced module and system technology. The Company's integrated power plant solutions deliver an economically attractive alternative to fossil-fuel electricity generation today. From raw material sourcing through end-of-life module recycling, First Solar?€?s renewable energy systems protect and enhance the environment.
Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly?€?s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers?€? applications as close to their end-users as possible ?€? at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly?€?s customers include many of the world?€?s most prominent companies, including Vimeo, Pinterest, The New York Times, and GitHub.
Fortuna Silver Mines Inc. is a Canadian precious metals mining company with operations in Peru, Mexico and Argentina. Sustainability is integral to all our operations and relationships. We produce silver and gold and generate shared value over the long-term for our shareholders and stakeholders through efficient production, environmental protection, and social responsibility.
Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP Corp) is a real estate investment trust (REIT). FSP Corp holds, directly and indirectly, 100% of the interest in three former subsidiaries: FSP Investments LLC, FSP Property Management LLC, and FSP Holdings LLC. The Company operates some of its business through these subsidiaries. Real estate operations include rental income from real estate leasing, interest income from secured loans made office properties and fee income from asset/property management. In July 2013, Franklin Street Properties Corp announced its acquisition of a 28-story, multi-tenant office building containing approximately 621,007 rentable square feet of space and a parking garage located in the midtown submarket of Atlanta, Georgia (the Property). Effective August 28, 2013, Franklin Street Properties Corp acquired an office property and retail plaza, located in Denver, Colorado.

Spartan Energy Acquisition Corp Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share
FinServ Acquisition Corp
FinServ Acquisition Corp Units 1 Ord Class A & 12 War

Federal Signal Corporation builds and delivers equipment of unmatched quality that moves material, cleans infrastructure, and protects the communities where we work and live. Founded in 1901, Federal Signal is a leading global designer, manufacturer and supplier of products and total solutions that serve municipal, governmental, industrial and commercial customers. Headquartered in Oak Brook, Ill., with manufacturing facilities worldwide, the Company operates two groups: Environmental Solutions and Safety and Security Systems.
FAST Acquisition Corp - Class A
FAST Acquisition Corp
FAST Acquisition Corp - Warrants (25/08/2027)
L. B. Foster Company is engaged in the manufacture, fabrication and distribution of rail, construction and tubular products. It operates in three business segments: Rail products, Construction products, and Tubular products. For rail markets, the Company provides a line of new and used rail, trackwork, and accessories to railroads, mines and industry. It also designs and produces concrete railroad ties, insulated rail joints, power rail, track fasteners, coverboards and special accessories for mass transit and other rail systems worldwide. It also engineers, manufactures and assembles friction management products, railway wayside data collection and management systems and engineers and sells securement systems and related products. For the construction industry, it sells steel sheet piling, H-bearing piling, pipe piling and provides rental sheet piling for foundation requirements. In November 2013, the Company acquired Ball Winch Pipeline Services, LLC.
FirstService Corporation is a North American leader in the essential outsourced property services sector, serving its customers through two industry-leading service platforms: FirstService Residential - North America?€?s largest manager of residential communities; and FirstService Brands - one of North America?€?s largest providers of essential property services delivered through individually branded franchise systems and company-owned operations. FirstService generates US$2.4??billion in annual revenues and has approximately 24,000 employees across North America. With significant insider ownership and an experienced management team, FirstService has a long-term track record of creating value and superior returns for shareholders. The common shares of FirstService trade on the NASDAQ under the symbol ?€?FSV?€? and on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol ?€?FSV?€?.
Fortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC owns and acquires high quality infrastructure and equipment that is essential for the transportation of goods and people globally. FTAI targets assets that, on a combined basis, generate strong and stable cash flows with the potential for earnings growth and asset appreciation. FTAI is externally managed by an affiliate of Fortress Investment Group LLC, a leading, diversified global investment firm.
Fortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC FXDFR PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Ser A
Fortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC FXDFR PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Ser B
Farfetch Limited is the leading global platform for the luxury fashion industry. Founded in 2007 by Jos?? Neves for the love of fashion, and launched in 2008, Farfetch began as an e-commerce marketplace for luxury boutiques around the world. Today the Farfetch Marketplace connects customers in over 190 countries with items from more than 50 countries and nearly 1,300 of the world?€?s best brands, boutiques and department stores, delivering a truly unique shopping experience and access to the most extensive selection of luxury on a single platform. Farfetch?€?s additional businesses include Farfetch Platform Solutions, which services enterprise clients with e-commerce and technology capabilities; Browns and Stadium Goods, which offer luxury products to consumers; and New Guards Group, a platform for the development of global fashion brands. Farfetch also invests in innovations such as its Store of the Future augmented retail solution, and develops key technologies, business solutions, and services for the luxury fashion industry.
Frontdoor is a company that?€?s obsessed with taking the hassle out of owning a home. With services powered by people and enabled by technology, it is the parent company of four home service plan brands: American Home Shield, HSA, Landmark and OneGuard. Frontdoor serves more than two million customers across the U.S. through a network of 15,000 pre-qualified contractor firms that employ over 45,000 technicians. The company?€?s customizable home service plans help customers protect and maintain their homes from costly and unplanned breakdowns of essential home systems and appliances. With more than 45 years of experience, the company responds to over four million service requests annually (or one request every eight seconds). For details, visit frontdoorhome.com.
Fuel Tech develops and commercializes state-of-the-art proprietary technologies for air pollution control, process optimization, water treatment, and advanced engineering services. These technologies enable customers to operate in a cost-effective and environmentally sustainable manner. Fuel Tech is a leader in nitrogen oxide (NO x ) reduction and particulate control technologies and its solutions have been in installed on over 1,200 utility, industrial and municipal units worldwide. The Company?€?s FUEL CHEM ?? technology improves the efficiency, reliability, fuel flexibility, boiler heat rate, and environmental status of combustion units by controlling slagging, fouling, corrosion, and opacity. Water treatment technologies include DGI??? Dissolved Gas Infusion Systems which utilize a patented nozzle to deliver supersaturated oxygen solutions and other gas-water combinations to target process applications or environmental issues. This infusion process has a variety of applications in the water and wastewater industries, including remediation, aeration, biological treatment, and wastewater odor management. Many of Fuel Tech?€?s products and services rely heavily on the Company?€?s exceptional Computational Fluid Dynamics modeling capabilities, which are enhanced by internally developed, high-end visualization software.
Future FinTech Group Inc. ("Future FinTech", "FTFT" or the "Company") is a leading blockchain e-commerce company??and a service provider for financial technology incorporated in??Florida. The Company's operations include a blockchain-based online shopping mall platform, Chain Cloud Mall ("CCM"), a cross-border e-commerce platform (NONOGIRL), an incubator for blockchain based application projects. The Company is also engaged in the development of blockchain based e-Commerce technology as well as financial technology.
Fathom Holdings Inc. is the parent company of Fathom Realty Holdings, LLC, a national, virtual, full-service real estate brokerage that leverages proprietary cloud-based software called intelliAgent to operate a Platform as a Service model (PaaS) for the residential real estate industry. Fathom offers real estate professionals 100% commission, small flat-fee transaction costs, support, technology, and training, all powered by best in class operational efficiencies.
First Trust High Yield Opportunities 2027 Term Fund
FMC Technologies, Inc. designs, manufactures and services systems and products, including subsea production and processing systems, surface wellhead production systems, high pressure fluid control equipment, measurement solutions and marine loading systems for the energy industry. Its segments are Subsea Technologies, which designs and manufactures products and systems and provides services used by oil and gas companies; Surface Technologies, which designs and manufactures products and systems and provides services used by oil and gas companies involved in land and offshore exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas, and Energy Infrastructure, which offers Measurement Solutions, Loading Systems and Material Handling Solutions. In April 2012, it acquired the remaining 55% interest in Schilling Robotics LLC. In October 2012, it acquired Pure Energy Services Ltd. In January 2013, it purchased a 173-acre parcel of land in Houston, Texas.

FinTech Acquisition Corp IV - Units (1 Ord Cls A & 1/3 Warr)
FinTech Acquisition Corp IV - Warrants (31/12/2025)
Flotek Industries, Inc. is a technology-driven, specialty chemistry and data company that serves customers across industrial, commercial and consumer markets. Flotek's Chemistry Technologies segment develops, manufactures, packages, distributes, delivers, and markets high-quality sanitizers and disinfectants for commercial, governmental and personal consumer use. Additionally, Flotek empowers the energy industry to maximize the value of their hydrocarbon streams and improve return on invested capital through its real-time data platforms and chemistry technologies. Flotek serves downstream, midstream and upstream customers, both domestic and international. Flotek is a publicly traded company headquartered in Houston, Texas, and its common shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "FTK."
Fortinet secures the largest enterprise, service provider, and government organizations around the world. Fortinet empowers our customers with complete visibility and control across the expanding attack surface and the power to take on ever-increasing performance requirements today and into the future. Only the Fortinet Security Fabric platform can address the most critical security challenges and protect data across the entire digital infrastructure, whether in networked, application, multi-cloud or edge environments. Fortinet ranks #1 in the most security appliances shipped worldwide and more than 480,000 customers trust Fortinet to protect their businesses. Both a technology company and a learning organization, the Fortinet Network Security Expert (NSE) Training Institute has one of the largest and broadest cybersecurity training programs in the industry.
FTE Networks, Inc. (?€?FTE?€?) through its subsidiary US Home Rentals, owns, operates and invests in affordable rental housing in tier 3 and 4 markets. Single family home rentals (SFR) is large, growing and attractive market. Nationally, home rentals are growing faster than home ownership. With a portfolio of 3,184 affordable rental homes across the United States, FTE is one of the few companies that has a strong and established portfolio of assets for the affordable rental housing market.

FTAC Olympus Acquisition Corp
FTAC Olympus Acquisition Corp - Warrants(01/01/9999)
Fortis is a well-diversified leader in the North American regulated electric and gas utility industry, with 2019 revenue of $8.8 billion and total assets of $56 billion as at September 30, 2020. The Corporation's 9,000 employees serve utility customers in five Canadian provinces, nine U.S. states and three Caribbean countries. Fortis shares are listed on the TSX and NYSE and trade under the symbol FTS.
Headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas, FTS is an independent hydraulic fracturing service company and one of the only vertically integrated service providers of its kind in North America.
Fortive is a diversified industrial technology growth company comprised of Professional Instrumentation and Industrial Technologies businesses that are recognized leaders in attractive markets. Fortive?€?s well-known brands hold leading positions in field solutions, product realization, sensing technologies, transportation technologies, and franchise distribution. Fortive is headquartered in Everett, Washington and employs a team of more than 25,000 research and development, manufacturing, sales, distribution, service and administrative employees in more than 50 countries around the world. With a culture rooted in continuous improvement, the core of our company?€?s operating model is the Fortive Business System.
Fortive Corporation 5.00% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Series A
Recall Studios Inc
H.B. Fuller Company is formulator, manufacturer and marketer of adhesives, sealants and other specialty chemical products. The Company operates in five segments: North America Adhesives, Construction Products, Europe, India, Middle East and Africa (EIMEA), Latin America Adhesives and Asia Pacific. Sales operations span 40 countries in North America, Europe, Latin America, the Asia Pacific region, India, the Middle East and Africa. Industrial adhesives represent the Company's core product offering. The Company also provides its customers with technical support and solutions designed to address their specific needs. The Company has a variety of product offerings for residential construction markets, such as tile-setting adhesives, grouts, sealants and related products. These products are sold primarily in the Company's Construction Products operating segment. In June 2013, HB Fuller Co announced that it has finalized the purchase of Plexbond Quimica S/A.
Fulcrum Therapeutics Inc
Fulton, a $22 billion, Lancaster, Pa.-based financial holding company, has approximately 3,600 employees and operates approximately 230 branches in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey and Virginia through Fulton Bank, N.A.
Fulton Financial Corp
Cedar Fair Entertainment Company, one of the largest regional amusement-resort operators in the world, is a publicly traded partnership headquartered in Sandusky, Ohio. Focused on its mission to make people happy by providing fun, immersive and memorable experiences, the Company owns and operates 13 properties, consisting of 11 amusement parks, four separately gated outdoor water parks, and resort accommodations totaling more than 2,300 rooms and more than 600 luxury RV sites. Cedar Fair?€?s parks are located in Ohio, California, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Pennsylvania, Minnesota, Missouri, Michigan, Texas and Toronto, Ontario. The Company also operates an additional theme park in California under a management contract.
First United Corporation is the parent company of First United Bank & Trust, a Maryland trust company with commercial banking powers. The Bank's wholly-owned subsidiaries include OakFirst Loan Center, Inc. and OakFirst Loan Center, LLC, both of which are finance companies, and First OREO Trust and FUBT OREO I, LLC, both of which were formed for the purposes of holding, servicing and disposing of the real estate that the Bank acquires through foreclosure or by deed in lieu of foreclosure. The Bank also owns 99.9% of the limited partnership interests in Liberty Mews Limited Partnership, which was formed for the purpose of acquiring, developing and operating low-income housing units in Garrett County, Maryland. The Corporation's website is www.mybank.com. SOURCE First United Corporation Related Links http://www.mybank.com
Sprott Focus Trust, Inc. is a closed-end diversified management investment company whose shares of Common Stock are listed and traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The Fund?€?s investment goal is long-term capital growth, which it seeks by normally investing at least 65% of its assets in equity securities.
Auryn Resources Inc
First US Bancshares, Inc. is a bank holding company that operates banking offices in Alabama, Tennessee and Virginia through First US Bank (the ?€?Bank?€?). In addition, the Company?€?s operations include Acceptance Loan Company, Inc., a consumer loan company (?€?ALC?€?), and FUSB Reinsurance, Inc., an underwriter of credit life and credit accident and health insurance policies sold to the Bank?€?s and ALC?€?s consumer loan customers. The Company files periodic reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ?€?SEC?€?). Copies of its filings may be obtained through the SEC?€?s website at www.sec.gov or at www.firstusbank.com.
DELISTED - FUISZ TECHNOLOGIES LTD
Fusion Acquisition Corp. Units each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and onehalf of one redeemable Warrant
Fusion Acquisition Corp Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share
DELISTED - Fusion Networks Holdings, Inc. provides Internet marketing software, portal technology, applications and content designed to enable corporate customers to develop effective Spanish-, English- and Portuguese-related Internet strategies. Products include Internet tools and customer-oriented applications including personalized content, community services, e-commerce platforms, Internet portal design and more. Designed to establish relationships with Internet users, these integrated multimedia applications can be found within Fusion Networks' existing portal network. Vital Content, a subsidiary of Fusion Networks, provides customized Web-enabled and multimedia content to Internet industry clientele. In May 2001, Fusion Networks and its wholly owned subsidiary, Fusion Networks, Inc. announced that each filed separate actions in Florida state court to assign their respective assets for the benefit of their respective creditors under Chapter 727, Florida Statutes.
Futu Holdings Limited is an advanced technology company transforming the investing experience by offering a fully digitized brokerage and wealth management platform. The Company primarily serves the emerging affluent Chinese population, pursuing a massive opportunity to facilitate a once-in-a-generation shift in the wealth management industry and build a digital gateway into broader financial services. The Company provides investing services through its proprietary digital platform, Futu NiuNiu, a highly integrated application accessible through any mobile device, tablet or desktop. The Company?€?s primary fee-generating services include trade execution and margin financing which allow its clients to trade securities, such as stocks, warrants, options, futures and exchange-traded funds, or ETFs, across different markets. Futu enhances the user and client experience with market data and news, research, as well as powerful analytical tools, providing them with a data rich foundation to simplify the investing decision-making process. Futu has also embedded social media tools to create a network centered around its users and provide connectivity to users, investors, companies, analysts, media and key opinion leaders. Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures In evaluating the business, the Company considers and uses non-GAAP adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure, as a supplemental measure to review and assess its operating performance. The presentation of the non-GAAP financial measure is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company defines non-GAAP adjusted net income as net income excluding share-based compensation expenses. The Company presents the non-GAAP financial measure because it is used by the management to evaluate the operating performance and formulate business plans. Non-GAAP adjusted net income enables the management to assess the Company's operating results without considering the impact of share-based compensation expenses, which are non-cash charges. The Company also believes that the use of the non-GAAP measure facilitates investors' assessment of its operating performance. Non-GAAP adjusted net income is not defined under U.S. GAAP and is not presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This non-GAAP financial measure has limitations as analytical tools. One of the key limitations of using non-GAAP adjusted net income is that it does not reflect all items of expense that affect the Company's operations. Share-based compensation expenses have been and may continue to be incurred in the business and is not reflected in the presentation of non-GAAP adjusted net income. Further, the non-GAAP measure may differ from the non-GAAP information used by other companies, including peer companies, and therefore their comparability may be limited. The Company compensates for these limitations by reconciling the non-GAAP financial measure to the nearest U.S. GAAP performance measure, all of which should be considered when evaluating the Company's performance. For more information on this non-GAAP financial measure, please see the table captioned "Unaudited Reconciliations of Non-GAAP and GAAP Results" set forth at the end of this press release. Exchange Rate Information This announcement contains translations of certain HK dollars (?€?HK$?€?) amounts into U.S. dollars ("US$") at specified rates solely for the convenience of the reader. Unless otherwise stated, all translations from HK$ to US$ were made at the rate of HK$7.7500 to US$1.00, the noon buying rate in effect on September 30, 2020 in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board. The Company makes no representation that the HK$ or US$ amounts referred could be converted into US$ or HK$, as the case may be, at any particular rate or at all.
Arcimoto develops and manufactures ultra-efficient and affordable electric vehicles to help the world shift to a sustainable transportation system. Now available to preorder customers on the West Coast, the Arcimoto FUV ?? is purpose-built for everyday driving, transforming ordinary trips into pure-electric joyrides. Available for preorder, the Deliverator ?? and Rapid Responder ??? provide last-mile delivery and emergency response functionality, respectively, at a fraction of the cost and environmental impact of traditional gas-powered vehicles. Two additional concept prototypes built on the versatile Arcimoto platform are currently in development: the Cameo???, aimed at the film and influencer industry; and the Roadster, designed to be the ultimate on-road fun machine. Every Arcimoto vehicle is built at the Arcimoto Manufacturing Plant in Eugene, Oregon.
5:01 Acquisition Corp - Class A
FVCbankcorp Inc
Headquartered in Newton, Massachusetts, Five Star Senior Living Inc. ranks fourth on the 2019 American Seniors Housing Association?€?s (ASHA) list of largest U.S. senior housing operators. With nearly 24,000 team members, the company operates more than 260 senior living communities in 32 states offering a platform of life services, including independent living, assisted living, Alzheimer?€?s/memory care and continuing care retirement communities. Ageility, a Five Star division, provides rehabilitation and wellness services to Five Star residents and external clients in over 240 clinics nationwide.
Fiverr International Ltd. no par value


Forward Pharma A/S??is a Danish biopharmaceutical company that commenced development in 2005 of a proprietary formulation of DMF for the treatment of inflammatory and neurological indications. The Company granted to Biogen an irrevocable license to all of its IP through the License Agreement and received from Biogen a non-refundable cash fee of??$1.25 billion??in??February 2017, with the return of EUR 917.7 million to shareholders through a capital reduction in September 2017. The Company has the opportunity to receive royalties from Biogen on Biogen?€?s net sales of Tecfidera????or other DMF products for multiple sclerosis outside the U.S., dependent on, among other things, a favorable outcome in Europe with respect to the Opposition Proceeding, including any appeal thereto. Our principal executive offices are located at ??stergade 24A, 1st floor, 1100 Copenhagen K, Denmark and our American Depositary Shares are publicly traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market (FWP).
Forward Air is a leading asset-light freight and logistics company that provides services across the United States and Canada. We provide expedited less-than-truckload (?€?LTL?€?) services, including local pick-up and delivery, shipment consolidation/deconsolidation, warehousing, and customs brokerage by utilizing a comprehensive national network of terminals; final mile services, including delivery of heavy-bulky freight; truckload brokerage services, including dedicated fleet services, high-security and temperature-controlled logistics services; intermodal first-and last-mile high-value drayage services both to and from seaports and railheads, dedicated contract and Container Freight Station warehouse and handling services; and pool distribution services, including high-frequency handling and distribution of time sensitive product to numerous destinations within a specific geographic region.
First National Corporation is the bank holding company of First Bank (the Bank), First National (VA) Statutory Trust II (Trust II) and First National (VA) Statutory Trust III (Trust III). The Bank offers loan, deposit, trust and investment products and services through 10 offices, 30 automated teller machines (ATMs) and its Website, www.therespowerinone.com, for both individuals and businesses. Customers include individuals and small to medium-sized businesses, including governmental entities and non-profit organizations in the northern Shenandoah Valley region of Virginia. The Bank's Trust and Asset Management Department offers a variety of trust and asset management services including estate planning, investment management of assets, trustee under an agreement, trustee under a will, individual retirement accounts, estate settlement and benefit plans. The Bank offers financial planning and brokerage services for its customers through its investment division, First Financial Advisors.
Genpact is a global professional services firm that makes business transformation real. We drive digital-led innovation and digitally-enabled intelligent operations for our clients, guided by our experience running thousands of processes primarily for Global Fortune 500 companies. We think with design, dream in digital, and solve problems with data and analytics. Combining our expertise in end-to-end operations and our AI-based platform, Genpact Cora, we focus on the details ?€? all 90,000+ of us. From New York to New Delhi and more than 30 countries in between, we connect every dot, reimagine every process, and reinvent companies' ways of working. We know that reimagining each step from start to finish creates better business outcomes. Whatever it is, we'll be there with you ?€? accelerating digital transformation to create bold, lasting results ?€?because transformation happens here. Get to know us at Genpact.com and on LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube, and Facebook.
Gabelli Equity Trust Inc. (The) Series G Cumulative Preferred Stock
Gabelli Equity Trust Inc. (The) Pfd Ser H
Gabelli Equity Trust Inc. (The) 5.45% Series J Cumulative Preferred Stock
German American Bancorp, Inc. is a financial services holding company. The principal subsidiary of the Company is its banking subsidiary, German American Bancorp (the Bank), which operates through 34 retail banking offices in 12 contiguous Southern Indiana counties. It operates in three primary segments: core banking, trust and investment advisory services, and insurance operations. The Bank owns a trust, brokerage, and financial planning subsidiary, which operates from its banking offices, and a property and casualty insurance agency with insurance agency offices throughout its market area. Its lines of business include retail and commercial banking, mortgage banking, financial planning, full-service brokerage and trust administration, and a range of personal and corporate insurance products. In July 2011, the Company opened a financial services center in Bloomington. In October 2013, the Company merged with United Commerce Bancorp (United).
Gaiam, Inc. (Gaiam) is a lifestyle media company providing a range of information, media, products and services to customers who value personal development, wellness, ecological lifestyles, and responsible media. It markets its content, media and products through a multi-channel approach including digital media channels, direct to consumers via catalogs, the Internet, direct response television, broadband, and subscriptions, as well as traditional retail stores. The Company markets its products and services across two segments: business and direct-to-consumer. The Company's media brand is built around its ability to develop and offer media content, products, lifestyle solutions to consumers in the lifestyles of health and sustainability (LOHAS) market and the Conscious Media markets. In October 2013, the Company sold its non-Gaiam branded entertainment media distribution business (GVE) to Cinedigm Corp. Effective October 31, 2013, Gaiam Inc acquired Fresh Eye Productions Inc.
: Gladstone Investment Corporation is a publicly traded business development company that seeks to make secured debt and equity investments in lower middle market businesses in the United States in connection with acquisitions, changes in control and recapitalizations.
Gladstone Investment Corporation - 6.375% PRF REDEEM 31/08/2025 USD 25 - Ser E

Galectin Therapeutics is dedicated to developing novel therapies to improve the lives of patients with chronic liver disease and cancer. Galectin?€?s lead drug belapectin (formerly known as GR-MD-02) is a carbohydrate-based drug that inhibits the galectin-3 protein which is directly involved in multiple inflammatory, fibrotic, and malignant diseases, for which it has Fast Track designation for NASH cirrhosis by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. The lead development program is in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) with cirrhosis, the most advanced form of NASH-related fibrosis. This is the most common liver disease and one of the largest drug development opportunities available today. Additional development programs are in treatment of combination immunotherapy for advanced melanoma and other malignancies. Advancement of these additional clinical programs is largely dependent on finding a suitable partner. Galectin seeks to leverage extensive scientific and development expertise as well as established relationships with external sources to achieve cost-effective and efficient development.
General American Investors Company Inc. Cumulative Preferred Stock
GAN is a leading business-to-business supplier of enterprise software-as-a-service solutions principally designed for retail U.S. casinos seeking to operate highly regulated Internet gambling. GAN has developed a proprietary Internet gambling enterprise software system, GameSTACK???, which it licenses to land-based casino operators as a turnkey technology solution for operating highly regulated forms real-money U.S. internet gambling including Internet casino gaming, Internet sports betting, on-premise sports betting or, in advance of enabling regulation, Simulated Gaming.
StealthGas Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides seaborne transportation services to liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) producers and users worldwide. It also provides crude oil and product carriers chartered to oil producers, refiners, and commodities traders. The company carries various petroleum gas products in liquefied form, including propane, butane, butadiene, isopropane, propylene, and vinyl chloride monomer; and refined petroleum products, such as gasoline, diesel, fuel oil, and jet fuel, as well as edible oils and chemicals; and crude oil. As of July 17, 2014, the company owned a fleet of 40 LPG carriers; 3 medium range product carriers; and 1 Aframax tanker. The company was founded in 2004 and is based in Athens, Greece.
Gatos Silver Inc

Galiano is focused on creating a sustainable business capable of long-term value creation for its stakeholders??through organic production growth, exploration and disciplined deployment of its financial resources. The company currently operates and manages the Asanko Gold Mine, located in Ghana, West Africa which is jointly owned with Gold Fields Ltd. The Company is strongly committed to the highest standards for environmental management, social responsibility, and health and safety for its employees and neighbouring communities.
Global Blue Group Holding AG
Global Blue Group Holding AG
Glacier Bancorp, Inc. is the parent company for Glacier Bank and its bank divisions: Bank of the San Juans (Durango, CO), Citizens Community Bank (Pocatello, ID), Collegiate Peaks Bank (Buena Vista, CO), First Bank of Montana (Lewistown, MT), First Bank of Wyoming (Powell, WY), First Community Bank Utah (Layton, UT), First Security Bank (Bozeman, MT), First Security Bank of Missoula (Missoula, MT), First State Bank (Wheatland, WY), Glacier Bank (Kalispell, MT), Heritage Bank of Nevada (Reno, NV), Mountain West Bank (Coeur d?€?Alene, ID), North Cascades Bank (Chelan, WA), The Foothills Bank (Yuma, AZ), Valley Bank of Helena (Helena, MT), and Western Security Bank (Billings, MT). Visit Glacier?€?s website at http://www.glacierbancorp.com Randall M. Chesler, CEO (406) 751-4722 Ron J. Copher, CFO (406) 751-7706
Golub Capital BDC, Inc. (Golub Capital BDC) is an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company. It is a business development company that makes debt and minority equity investments in middle-market companies that are sponsored by private equity investors. Golub Capital BDC's investment objective is to maximize the total return to its stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation through debt and minority equity investments. The Company seeks to create a diverse portfolio that includes senior secured, unitranche, mezzanine and second lien loans and warrants and minority equity securities. On April 13, 2010, Golub Capital BDC converted from a limited liability company into a corporation. Golub Capital BDC investment activities are managed by its investment adviser, GC Advisors LLC (GC Advisors).
Global Developments Inc
Global Beta MomentumGrowth
Generation Bio Company
GAMCO Investors, Inc. (GBL) is a provider of investment advisory services to mutual funds, institutional and private wealth management investors, and investment partnerships, principally in the United States. The Company provides institutional research services to institutional clients and investment partnerships. It manages assets on a discretionary basis and invests in a range of United States and international securities through various investment styles. GBL's revenues are based primarily on the firm's levels of assets under management (AUM) and to a lesser extent, incentive fees associated with its various investment products. Its AUM is organized into four groups: Investment Partnerships, Institutional and Private Wealth Management, Open and Closed-End Funds and SICAV. GBL markets most of its products under the Gabelli and GAMCO brand names. Specialty brands offered to investors include Mathers, Comstock and Westwood.
Group, LLC and its subsidiaries Global Indemnity Group, LLC, through its several direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiary insurance companies, provides both admitted and non-admitted specialty property and specialty casualty insurance coverages and individual policyholder coverages in the United States, as well as reinsurance worldwide.

Global Beta Low Beta
New Concept Energy, Inc. (New Concept) owns and operates oil and gas wells in Ohio and West Virginia. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiaries Mountaineer State Energy, Inc. and Mountaineer State Operations, LLC. operates oil and gas wells and mineral leases in Athens and Meigs Counties in Ohio and in Calhoun, Jackson and Roane Counties in West Virginia. As of March 30, 2012, the Company had 159 producing gas wells, 27 non-producing wells and related equipment and mineral leases covering approximately 20,000 acres. The Company operates in two primary business segments: oil and gas operations and retirement facilities. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company had drilled eight wells.
Global Blood Therapeutics??(GBT) is a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery, development, and delivery of life-changing treatments that provide hope to underserved patient communities. Founded in 2011, GBT is delivering on its goal to transform the treatment and care of sickle cell disease (SCD), a lifelong, devastating inherited blood disorder. The company has introduced Oxbryta ?? (voxelotor), the first FDA-approved treatment that directly inhibits sickle hemoglobin polymerization, the root cause of red blood cell sickling in SCD. GBT is also advancing its pipeline program in SCD with inclacumab, a P-selectin inhibitor in development to address pain crises associated with the disease, and GBT021601, the company?€?s next generation hemoglobin S polymerization inhibitor. In addition, GBT?€?s drug discovery teams are working on new targets to develop the next wave of treatments for SCD.
Barclays Bank PLC iPath Gold ETN
The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. (Greenbrier), formerly Greenbrier Oregon, Inc., are the designers, manufacturers and marketers of railroad freight car equipment in North America and Europe, a manufacturer and marketer of ocean-going marine barges in North America and a provider of wheel services, railcar refurbishment and parts, leasing and other services to the railroad and related transportation industries in North America. The Company operates in three business segments: Manufacturing; Wheel Services, Refurbishment & Parts; and Leasing & Services. The Manufacturing segment produces double-stack intermodal railcars, conventional railcars, tank cars and marine vessels. The Wheel Services, Refurbishment & Parts segment performs wheel, axle and bearing servicing; railcar repair, refurbishment and maintenance activities. The Leasing & Services segment provides management services for railroads, shippers, carriers, institutional investors and other leasing and transportation companies.
Greene County Bancorp, Inc. operates as the federally chartered holding company of The Bank of Greene County, a federally chartered savings bank. A majority of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock (55.1%) is held by Greene County Bancorp, MHC, which is a federally chartered mutual holding company. The purpose of Greene County Commercial Bank is to serve local municipalities' banking needs. The Bank of Greene County's principal business consists of attracting retail deposits from the general public in the areas surrounding its branches and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, primarily in one to four-family residential mortgage loans, nonresidential mortgage loans, consumer loans, home equity loans and commercial business loans. In June 2011, The Bank of Greene County formed a new subsidiary, Greene Property Holdings, Ltd.
New Media supports small to mid-size communities by providing locally-focused print and digital content to its consumers and premier marketing and technology solutions to our small and medium business partners. The Company is one of the largest publishers of locally based print and online media in the United States as measured by our 154 daily publications. As of June 30, 2019, New Media operates in over 600 markets across 39 states reaching over 21 million people on a weekly basis and serves over 200,000 business customers.
GCM Grosvenor Inc - Class A
GCM Grosvenor Inc - Warrants (17/11/2025)
Genesco Inc., a Nashville -based specialty retailer, sells footwear and accessories in more than 1,475 retail stores throughout the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland, principally under the names Journeys, Journeys Kidz, Schuh, Schuh Kids, Little Burgundy, Johnston & Murphy, and on internet websites www.journeys.com, www.journeyskidz.com, www.journeys.ca, www.littleburgundyshoes.com, www.schuh.co.uk, www.johnstonmurphy.com, www.johnstonmurphy.ca, ??and www.dockersshoes.com. In addition, Genesco sells wholesale footwear under its Johnston & Murphy brand, the licensed Dockers brand, the licensed Levi's brand, the licensed Bass brand, and other brands.
GCP is a leading global provider of construction products technologies that include additives for cement and concrete, the VERIFI ?? in-transit concrete management system, high-performance waterproofing products, and specialty systems. GCP products have been used to build some of the world?€?s most renowned structures.
GEOCITIES
Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, General Dynamics is a global aerospace and defense company that offers a broad portfolio of products and services in business aviation; combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions; IT services; C4ISR solutions; and shipbuilding and ship repair. General Dynamics employs approximately 100,000 people worldwide and generated $39.4 billion in revenue in 2019.
GoDaddy Corporate Domains (GCD) uses the latest technology to deliver secure, intuitive and powerful domain management solutions for enterprise-level domain name portfolios. Providing services to some of the world's most well-known brands, GCD is focused on enabling companies to contain costs, optimize portfolios and mitigate risks by providing unprecedented access to domain name and website data. GCD is led by true industry experts who understand the complexities of managing corporate domain names, who use their expertise to advise clients on strategies or help with day-to-day domain portfolio management.
Golden Entertainment owns and operates gaming properties across two divisions ?€? casino operations and distributed gaming. Golden Entertainment operates approximately 16,400 slots, 130 table games, and 6,200 hotel rooms. Golden Entertainment owns ten casino resorts ?€? nine in Southern Nevada and one in Maryland. Through its distributed gaming business in Nevada and Montana, Golden Entertainment operates video gaming devices at approximately 1,000 locations and owns over 60 traditional taverns in Nevada. Golden Entertainment is also licensed in Illinois and Pennsylvania to operate video gaming terminals.
The GDL Fund Series C Cumulative Puttable and Callable Preferred Shares
Green Dot Corporation is a financial technology and registered bank holding company committed to transforming the way people and businesses manage and move money, and making financial wellbeing and empowerment more accessible for all. Green Dot?€?s proprietary technology enables faster, more efficient electronic payments and money management, powering intuitive and seamless ways for people to spend, send, control and save their money. Through its retail and direct bank, Green Dot offers a broad set of financial products to consumers and businesses including debit, prepaid, checking, credit and payroll cards, as well as robust money processing services, tax refunds, cash deposits and disbursements. The company?€?s Banking as a Service (?€?BaaS?€?) platform enables a growing list of America?€?s most prominent consumer and technology companies to design and deploy their own customized banking and money movement solutions for customers and partners in the US and internationally. Founded in 1999 and headquartered in Pasadena, CA, Green Dot has served more than 33 million customers directly, and now operates primarily as a ?€?branchless bank?€? with more than 90,000 retail distribution locations nationwide. Green Dot Bank is a subsidiary of Green Dot Corporation and member of the FDIC.
Goodrich Petroleum Corporation is an independent oil and natural gas company engaged in exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas on properties primarily in Northwest Louisiana, East Texas and South Texas. It includes the Haynesville Shale and Cotton Valley Taylor Sand in Northwest Louisiana and East Texas, the Eagle Ford Shale and Buda Lime formations in South Texas and the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale in Southeast Louisiana and Southwest Mississippi. It owns interests in 401 producing oil and natural gas wells. As of December 31, 2011, it had reserves of 463.5 billion cubic feet of natural gas, 0.5 million barrels of natural gas liquids and 5.8 million barrels of oil and condensate. On September 28, 2012, it sold certain non-core properties in the South Henderson field in East Texas to Memorial Resource Development, L.L.C. In October 2012, Memorial Production Partners LP acquired oil and natural gas properties in East Texas from the Company.
GoodRx Holdings Inc - Class A
GDS Holdings Limited (NASDAQ: GDS; HKEX: 9698) is the largest carrier-neutral data center service provider in China. The Company?€?s data centers are designed and configured as high-performance data centers with large net floor area and power capacity, high power density and efficiency, and multiple redundancy across all critical systems. The Company?€?s data centers are strategically located in China?€?s primary economic hubs where demand for high-performance data center services is concentrated. GDS is carrier and cloud-neutral, which enables its customers to access all the major PRC telecommunications networks, as well as the largest PRC and global public clouds which GDS hosts in many of its facilities. The Company offers colocation and managed services, including an innovative and unique managed cloud value proposition. The Company has a 19-year track record of service delivery, successfully fulfilling the requirements of some of the largest and most demanding customers for outsourced data center services in China.
Gabelli Dividend 5.25% Series G Cumulative Preferred Shares par value $0.001 per share
Gabelli Dividend & Income
1 800 CONTACTS INC
Chaserg Technology Acquisition Corp - Warrants (10/04/2025)
General Electric Company (GE) is a diversified technology and financial services company. The products and services of the Company range from aircraft engines, power generation, water processing, and household appliances to medical imaging, business and consumer financing and industrial products. It serves customers in more than 100 countries. In June 2013, American Realty Capital Trust IV Inc announced that it has closed on the acquisition of 377 primarily net lease retail properties as part of its previously announced portfolio acquisition from certain affiliates of General Electric Co's GE Capital. In July 2013, General Electric Co's GE Oil & Gas completed its acquisition of Lufkin Industries, Inc. In August 2013, General Electric Company completed the acquisition of the aviation business of Ario S.p.A.
Great Elm is a publicly-traded holding company that seeks to build a business across two operating verticals: Operating Companies and Investment Management. Great Elm?€?s website can be found at www.greatelmcap.com. Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 Statements in this press release that are ?€?forward-looking?€? statements, including statements regarding revenue, adjusted EBITDA, expected growth, profitability, free cash flow and outlook involve risks and uncertainties that may individually or collectively impact the matters described herein.
Great Elm Capital Corp. is an externally managed, specialty finance company focused on investing in debt instruments of middle market companies. GECC elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. GECC seeks to generate attractive, risk-adjusted returns through both current income and capital appreciation.
Great Elm Capital Corp. 6.50% Notes due 2022
Great Elm Capital Corp 6.750% Nt 01/31/2025
Great Elm Capital
Greif, Inc. produces and sells industrial packaging products worldwide. The company??s Rigid Industrial Packaging & Services segment provides rigid intermediate bulk containers, closure systems, transit protection products, water bottles, and remanufactured and reconditioned industrial containers, as well as steel, fiber, and plastic drums; and container lifecycle management, blending, filling and other packaging, logistics, and warehousing services. This segment sells its products to customers in the chemicals, paints and pigments, food and beverage, petroleum, industrial coatings, agricultural, pharmaceutical, mineral, and other industries. Its Paper Packaging segment provides containerboard, corrugated sheets, corrugated containers, and other corrugated products to customers in packaging, automotive, food, and building products industries. This segment??s corrugated container products are used to ship home appliances, small machinery, grocery products, building products, automotive components, books and furniture, and other applications. The company??s Flexible Products & Services segment offers flexible intermediate bulk containers and related services to agricultural, food, and other industries. Its Land Management segment engages in harvesting and regeneration of timber properties; and sale of timberland and special use land. As of October 31, 2014, this segment owned approximately 250,200 acres of timber property in the southeastern United States and approximately 5,300 acres of timber property in Canada. The company was formerly known as Greif Bros. Corporation and changed its name to Greif, Inc. in 2001. Greif, Inc. was founded in 1877 and is headquartered in Delaware, Ohio.
Greif, Inc. produces and sells industrial packaging products worldwide. The company??s Rigid Industrial Packaging & Services segment provides rigid intermediate bulk containers, closure systems, transit protection products, water bottles, and remanufactured and reconditioned industrial containers, as well as steel, fiber, and plastic drums; and container lifecycle management, blending, filling and other packaging, logistics, and warehousing services. This segment sells its products to customers in the chemicals, paints and pigments, food and beverage, petroleum, industrial coatings, agricultural, pharmaceutical, mineral, and other industries. Its Paper Packaging segment provides containerboard, corrugated sheets, corrugated containers, and other corrugated products to customers in packaging, automotive, food, and building products industries. This segment??s corrugated container products are used to ship home appliances, small machinery, grocery products, building products, automotive components, books and furniture, and other applications. The company??s Flexible Products & Services segment offers flexible intermediate bulk containers and related services to agricultural, food, and other industries. Its Land Management segment engages in harvesting and regeneration of timber properties; and sale of timberland and special use land. As of October 31, 2014, this segment owned approximately 250,200 acres of timber property in the southeastern United States and approximately 5,300 acres of timber property in Canada. The company was formerly known as Greif Bros. Corporation and changed its name to Greif, Inc. in 2001. Greif, Inc. was founded in 1877 and is headquartered in Delaware, Ohio.
Genesis Energy, L.P. (Genesis) is a limited partnership focused on the midstream segment of the oil and gas industry in the Gulf Coast region of the United States, primarily Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida and in the Gulf of Mexico. The Company has a portfolio of customers, operations and assets, including pipelines, refinery-related plants, storage tanks and terminals, barges and trucks. Genesis provides an integrated range of services to refineries, oil, natural gas and carbon dioxide (CO2) producers, industrial and commercial enterprises that use sodium hydrosulfide (NaHS) and caustic soda, and businesses that use CO2 and other industrial gases. The Company operates in three segments: Pipeline Transportation, Refinery Services, and Supply and Logistics. In August 2013, the Company announced that it has completed the acquisition of all the assets of the downstream transportation business of Hornbeck Offshore Transportation, LLC (Hornbeck).
Genesis Healthcare, Inc. is a holding company with subsidiaries that, on a combined basis, comprise one of the nation's largest post-acute care companies providing services to more than 350 skilled nursing facilities and assisted/senior living communities in 25 states nationwide. Genesis subsidiaries also supply rehabilitation therapy to approximately 1,100 healthcare providers in 44 states, the District of Columbia and China. References made in this release to "Genesis," "the Company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to Genesis Healthcare, Inc. and each of its subsidiaries. Visit our website at www.genesishcc.com.
Gencor Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries are a manufacturer of heavy machinery used in the production of highway construction materials, synthetic fuels, and environmental control equipment. The Company designs, manufactures and sells machinery and related equipment used primarily for the production of asphalt and highway construction materials. Its products include asphalt plants, combustion systems and fluid heat transfer systems. Its products are manufactured in two facilities in the United States and one facility located in the United Kingdom. Its products are sold through a combination of Company sales representatives and independent dealers and agents located worldwide. Its products are sold primarily to the highway construction industry.
Genetic Technologies Limited (GTG) is engaged the provision of genetic testing services. The Company also conducts out-licensing program in respect of its non-coding deoxyribonucleic acid technology and supports a late-stage research project. The Company operates in three segments: Operations, Licensing and Research. The principal geographic segments of the Company include Australia, with the Company's headquarters being located in Melbourne in the State of Victoria. The Operations segment includes the provision of a range of genetic testing services. The Licensing segment includes the out-licensing of the Group's non-coding technology. The Research segment includes the undertaking of a range of research and development projects in the field of genetics and related areas. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2012, the Company launched its new, predictive risk test, BREVAGen. BREVAGen is the clinically validated breast cancer predictive risk assessment tool.
The GEO Group, Inc. is engaged in ownership, leasing and management of correctional, detention, and re-entry facilities and the provision of community-based services in the United States, Australia, South Africa, the United Kingdom and Canada. It operates in four segments: United States Corrections and Detention segment, which primarily encompasses United States-based privatized corrections and detention business; GEO Community Services segment, which consists of its community based services business, youth services business and electronic monitoring; International Services segment, which primarily consists of its privatized corrections and detention operations in South Africa, Australia and United Kingdom, and Facility Construction and Design segment primarily contracts with various states, local and federal agencies for the design and construction of facilities. In June 2013, it announced the acquisition of the 1,287-bed Joe Corley Detention Center in Montgomery County, Texas.
Geospace principally designs and manufactures seismic instruments and equipment. We market our seismic products to the oil and gas industry to locate, characterize and monitor hydrocarbon-producing reservoirs. We also market our seismic products to other industries for vibration monitoring, border and perimeter security and various geotechnical applications. We design and manufacture other products of a non-seismic nature, including water meter products, imaging equipment and offshore cables.
The Fund uses a ?€?passive?€? or indexing approach to try to achieve its investment objective. Unlike many investment companies, the Fund does not try to ?€?beat?€? the Index and does not seek temporary defensive positions when markets decline or appear overvalued other than those indicated in the Index.The Fund will use a replication strategy. A replication strategy is an indexing strategy that involves investing in the securities of the Index in approximately the same proportions as in the Index. However, the Fund may utilize a representative sampling strategy with respect to the Index when a replication strategy might be detrimental to shareholders, such as when there are practical difficulties or substantial costs involved in compiling a portfolio of equity securities to follow the Index, in instances in which a security in the Index becomes temporarily illiquid, unavailable or less liquid, or as a result of legal restrictions or limitations (such as tax diversification requirements) that apply to the Fund but not the Index. The Fund rebalances its portfolio in accordance with its Index, and, therefore, any changes to the Index?€?s rebalance schedule will result in corresponding changes to the Fund?€?s rebalance schedule.The Fund invests at least 80% of its total assets, exclusive of collateral held from securities lending, in the component securities of the Index. The Fund may invest up to 20% of its total assets in securities that are not in the Fund?€?s Index to the extent that the Fund?€?s adviser believes such investments should help the Fund?€?s overall portfolio track the Index. The Fund may also invest in other investment companies that principally invest in the types of instruments allowed by the investment strategies of the Fund.The Fund may lend its portfolio securities to brokers, dealers, and other financial organizations. These loans, if and when made, may not exceed 33 1/3% of the total asset value of the Fund (including the loan collateral). By lending its securities, the Fund may increase its income by receiving payments from the borrower.Prime Treatments, Testing and Advancements IndexThe Index tracks the performance of U.S.-listed equity securities or depositary receipts of companies that (i) perform research, development, and commercialization of treatments or vaccines for infectious diseases or (ii) engage in the research, development,  manufacturing, and provision of biological tests for patients. Such companies are identified by Prime Indexes (the ?€?Index Provider?€?), an independent index provider that is not affiliated with the Fund?€?s investment adviser, based on the rules of the Index.The Index is comprised of two groups of companies, as described below: ?€?Treatment Companies?€? and ?€?Testing Companies?€?. ?€?Treatment Companies?€? are companies that (i) have one or more vaccines or treatments for infectious diseases in pre-clinical research, in any phase of U.S. Food and Drug Administration clinical trials, or in a commercial stage and (ii) are classified by the North American Industry Classification System as either ?€?Pharmaceutical and Medicine Manufacturing?€? or ?€?Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences?€?. ?€?Testing Companies?€? are companies that derive more than 50% of their revenue from the research, development, manufacturing, and provision of biological tests for patients.To qualify for inclusion in the Index, Treatments Companies and Testing Companies must have an operating company structure (as opposed to being a pass-through security). To be added to the Index, Treatments Companies and Testing Companies must have   a minimum market capitalization of US$100 million and an average daily value traded over the prior three month period of $250,000. Companies already included in the Index must have a minimum market capitalization of US$50 million. The Index has a quarterly review in each March, June, September, and December, at which times the Index is reconstituted and rebalanced by the Index Provider. The composition of the Index and the constituent weights are determined on the Thursday before the second Friday of each such month (or the next business day if that day is not a business day). Component changes are made after the market close on the third Friday of each March, June, September, and December (or the next business day if the third Friday is not a business day) and become effective at the market opening on the next trading day.The five largest constituents with a market capitalization under US$15 billion are each weighted at 6% (30% in the aggregate).  The remaining constituents with a market capitalization under US$15 billion are weighted bases on their market capitalization subject to a 4% limit per security. Constituents with a market capitalization of US$15 billion or more will be equally weighted with an aggregate weighting of 10%.The Index is developed and owned by Prime Indexes, and the Index is calculated and maintained by Solactive AG. The Index Provider is not affiliated with Solactive AG, the Fund, or the Fund?€?s investment adviser.As of June 8, 2020, the Index had 56 components, and the five largest stocks and their weightings in the index were Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc. (6.0%), Bio Rad Laboratories Inc. (6.0%), Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings (6.0%), Moderna Inc (6.0%), and Quest Diagnostics Inc. (6.0%). The Fund will concentrate its investments (i.e., hold more than 25% of its net assets) in a particular industry or group of related industries to approximately the same extent that the Index is concentrated. As of June 8, 2020, the Index was concentrated in the following industries: Pharmaceutical and Medicine Manufacturing and Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences.Correlation: Correlation is the extent to which the values of different types of investments move in tandem with one another in response to changing economic and market conditions. An index is a theoretical financial calculation, while the Fund is an actual investment portfolio. The performance of the Fund and the Index may vary somewhat due to transaction costs, asset valuations, foreign currency valuations, market impact, corporate actions (such as mergers and spin-offs), legal restrictions or limitations, illiquid or unavailable securities, and timing variances.The Fund?€?s investment adviser expects that, over time, the correlation between the Fund?€?s performance and that of the Index, before fees and expenses, will exceed 95%. A correlation percentage of 100% would indicate perfect correlation. If the Fund uses a replication strategy, it can be expected to have greater correlation to the Index than if it uses a representative sampling strategy.
Geron is a late-stage clinical biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and potential commercialization of a first-in-class telomerase inhibitor, imetelstat, in hematologic myeloid malignancies.
Guess?, Inc. (GUESS?) designs, markets, distributes and licenses apparel and accessories for men, women and children. The Company operates in five: Europe, North American Retail, Asia, North American Wholesale and Licensing. Its products are sold through retail, wholesale, e-commerce and licensing distribution channels. The lines include full collections of clothing, including jeans, pants, skirts, dresses, shorts, blouses, shirts, jackets, knitwear and intimate apparel. It also grant licenses to manufactures and distributes a range of products, including eyewear, watches, handbags, footwear, kids' and infants' apparel, leather apparel, swimwear, fragrance, jewelry and other fashion accessories. In fiscal 2012, it, along with its distributors and licensees, opened 224 stores in all concepts combined outside of the United Sates and Canada, which consisted of 120 stores in Europe and the Middle East, 89 stores in Asia and 15 stores in the combined area of Central and South America.
Gevo, Inc., is a renewable chemicals and advanced biofuels company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of alternatives to petroleum-based products. The Company operates in two segments: Gevo, Inc. Segment and Gevo Development/Agri-Energy Segment. Gevo, Inc. Segment is responsible for all research and development activities related to the future production of isobutanol, maintaining and protecting its intellectual property portfolio, developing future markets for its isobutanol and providing corporate oversight services. Its Gevo Development/Agri-Energy Segment is responsible for the production of ethanol and related products. In September 2010, the Company acquired a 22 MGPY ethanol production facility in Luverne, Minnesota that the Company intends to retrofit to produce isobutanol.
Guaranty Federal Bancshares, Inc. has a subsidiary corporation offering full banking services. The principal subsidiary, Guaranty Bank, is headquartered in Springfield, Missouri, and has 16 full-service branches in Greene, Christian, Jasper and Newton Counties and a Loan Production Office in Webster County. Guaranty Bank is a member of the MoneyPass ATM network which provides its customers surcharge-free access to over 32,000 ATMs nationwide.
Griffon is a diversified management and holding company that conducts business through wholly-owned subsidiaries. Griffon oversees the operations of its subsidiaries, allocates resources among them and manages their capital structures. Griffon provides direction and assistance to its subsidiaries in connection with acquisition and growth opportunities as well as in connection with divestitures. In order to further diversify, Griffon also seeks out, evaluates and, when appropriate, will acquire additional businesses that offer potentially attractive returns on capital. Griffon currently conducts its operations through three reportable segments: Consumer and Professional Products (?€?CPP?€?) conducts its operations through The AMES Companies, Inc. (?€?AMES?€?). Founded in 1774, AMES is the leading North American manufacturer and a global provider of branded consumer and professional tools and products for home storage and organization, landscaping, and enhancing outdoor lifestyles. CPP sells products globally through a portfolio of leading brands including True Temper, AMES, and ClosetMaid. Home and Building Products conducts its operations through Clopay Corporation (?€?Clopay?€?). Founded in 1964, Clopay is the largest manufacturer and marketer of garage doors and rolling steel doors in North America. Residential and commercial sectional garage doors are sold through professional dealers and leading home center retail chains throughout North America under the brands Clopay, Ideal, and Holmes. Rolling steel door and grille products designed for commercial, industrial, institutional, and retail use are sold under the CornellCookson brand. Defense Electronics conducts its operations through Telephonics Corporation, founded in 1933, a globally recognized leading provider of highly sophisticated intelligence, surveillance and communications solutions for defense, aerospace and commercial customers.
Gold Fields is a globally diversified gold producer with nine operating mines in Australia, Peru, South Africa and West Africa (including the Asanko JV), as well as one project in Chile. We have total attributable annual gold-equivalent production of 2.2Moz, attributable gold-equivalent Mineral Reserves of 51.3Moz and Mineral Resources of 115.7Moz. Our shares are listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) and our American depositary shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). Sponsor: J.P. Morgan Equities South Africa (Pty) Ltd SOURCE Gold Fields Limited
GFL Environmental Inc
GFL Environmental Inc. Tangible Equity Units
Headquartered in??Pasadena, California,??General Finance Corporation??(NASDAQ: GFN, www.generalfinance.com ) is a leading specialty rental services company offering portable storage, modular space and liquid containment solutions. Management?€?s expertise in these sectors drives disciplined growth strategies, operational guidance, effective capital allocation and capital markets support for the Company?€?s subsidiaries. The Company?€?s??Asia-Pacific??leasing operations in??Australia??and New Zealand consist of wholly-owned??Royal Wolf ( www.royalwolf.com.au ), the leading provider of portable storage solutions in those regions. The Company?€?s??North America??leasing operations consist of wholly-owned subsidiaries??Pac-Van, Inc.( www.pacvan.com ) and??Lone Star Tank Rental Inc. ( www.lonestartank.com ), providers of portable storage, office and liquid storage tank containers, mobile offices and modular buildings. The Company also owns??Southern Frac, LLC ( www.southernfrac.com ), a manufacturer of portable liquid storage tank containers and, under the trade name Southern Fabrication Specialties ( www.southernfabricationspecialties.com ), other steel-related products in North America. I nvestor Contact Larry Clark Financial Profiles, Inc. lclark@finprofiles.com 310-622-8223
No Description Available
General Finance Corporation, through its subsidiaries, leases and sells portable storage containers, portable container buildings, and freight containers. It offers mobile storage containers, including general purpose units, double pallet-wide high cube units, hazardous goods containers, and refrigerated containers; portable building containers, such as site offices and cabins, workforce accommodation units, luxury accommodation units, restroom blocks, blast-resistant units, and specialized office and infrastructure suites; and freight containers consisting of curtain-side containers, hi-cube containers, pallet-wide containers, side-opening door containers, and bulk containers. The company provides its products for various storage applications, including retail and manufacturing inventory, construction materials and equipment, documents and records, and household goods. It also leases and sells storage trailers and other storage structures, office containers, mobile offices, portable liquid storage tank containers, and modular buildings, as well as ancillary products comprising steps, ramps, furniture, portable toilets, security systems, shelving, mud pumps, hoses, splitter valves, tee connectors, and other items for use in connection with its equipment. In addition, the company offers delivery and installation, return and dismantle, and other site services. As of June 30, 2014, it operated a fleet of 26,594 mobile storage containers, 4,388 portable container buildings, and 9,396 freight containers. The company serves mining and energy, road and rail, construction, moving and storage, manufacturing, transportation, defense, retail, education, services, commercial, and industrial sectors, as well as small and medium-size entities in the Asia Pacific and North America. General Finance Corporation was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Pasadena, California.
General Finance Corporation
Grupo Financiero Galicia S.A. (Grupo Financiero Galicia) is a financial services holding company. Banco de Galicia y Buenos Aires S.A. (Banco Galicia) is the Company's largest subsidiary. Banco Galicia is a bank that provides, directly or through its subsidiaries, a range of financial products and services to large corporations, small and medium sized companies (SMEs), and individuals. Through the operating subsidiaries of Tarjetas Regionales S.A., a holding company wholly owned by the Bank, the Company provides brand credit cards and consumer finance services throughout Argentina. Through Sudamericana Holding S.A. and its subsidiaries (Sudamericana) it provides insurance products in Argentina. It provides financial services through a distribution platform amongst private-sector financial institutions in Argentina. In November 2013, the Company announced the merger by incorporation of Lagarcue SA and Theseus SA into the Company with all their assets and liabilities.
Gerdau S.A. produces and commercializes steel products worldwide. It operates through Brazil, North America, Latin America, Special Steel, and Iron Ore segments. The company provides semi-finished products, which include billets that are bars from square sections of long steel that serve as inputs for the production of wire rod, rebars, and merchant bars; blooms for use in the manufacture of springs, forged parts, heavy structural shapes and seamless tubes; and slabs, which are used in the steel industry for the rolling of various flat rolled products, as well as to produce hot and cold rolled coils, heavy slabs, and profiles. It also offers long rolled products comprising rebars, merchant bars, and profiles, which are primarily used in the construction and manufacturing industries; and drawn products, such as barbed and barbless fence wires, galvanized wires, fences, concrete reinforcing wire mesh, nails, and clamps for manufacturing, construction, and agricultural industries. In addition, the company offers special and stainless steel products used in tools and machinery, chains, fasteners, railroad spikes, and special coil steel, as well as special sections comprising grader blades, smelter bars, light rails, super light I-beams, elevator guide rails, and other products. Further, it provides flat products, including hot-and cold-rolled steel coils, heavy plates, and profiles; and resells flat steel products. The company was founded in 1901 and is based in Porto Alegre, Brazil. Gerdau S.A. is a subsidiary of Metal??rgica Gerdau S.A.
Graco Inc. supplies technology and expertise for the management of fluids and coatings in both industrial and commercial applications. It designs, manufactures and markets systems and equipment to move, measure, control, dispense and spray fluid and powder materials. A recognized leader in its specialties, Minneapolis-based Graco serves customers around the world in the manufacturing, processing, construction and maintenance industries.
GAMCO Global Gold Natural Reources & Income Trust 5.00% Series B Cumulative 25.00 Liquidation Preference

The Gabelli Go Anywhere Trust Series A Cumulative Puttable and Callable Preferred Shares
Gabelli Multi-Media Trust Inc. (The) 5.125% Series E Cumulative Preferred Stock
Gabelli Global Small and Mid Cap Value Trust (The) 5.450% Series A Cumulative Preferred Shares (Liquidation Preference $25.00 per share)
Guardant Health Inc
www.ghco.com ) Graham Holdings Company is a diversified education and media company whose principal operations include educational services; television broadcasting; online, print and local TV news; home health and hospice care; and custom manufacturing. The Company owns Kaplan, a leading global provider of educational services; Graham Media Group (WDIV?€?Detroit, KPRC?€?Houston, WKMG?€?Orlando, KSAT?€?San Antonio, WJXT?€?Jacksonville, WCWJ-Jacksonville, WSLS-Roanoke); The Slate Group (Slate and Megaphone); and Foreign Policy. The Company also owns SocialCode, a leading social marketing solutions company; Graham Healthcare Group, home health and hospice providers; Dekko, a manufacturer of electrical solutions for applications across three business lines: workspace power solutions, architectural lighting, and electrical components and assemblies; Hoover Treated Wood Products, a manufacturer of pressure-impregnated kiln-dried lumber and plywood products for fire retardant and preservative applications; Joyce/Dayton Corp., a manufacturer of screw jacks, linear actuators and lifting systems; and Forney Corporation, a manufacturer of burners, igniters, dampers and controls for combustion processes in electric utility and industrial applications.
GreenTree Hospitality Group Ltd. ("GreenTree" or the "Company") is a leading hospitality management??group??in??China. As of June 30, 2020, GreenTree had a total number of 4,066 hotels. In 2019, HOTELS magazine ranked GreenTree Top 12 Ranking among 325 largest global hotel groups in terms of number of hotels in its annual HOTELS' 325. GreenTree was also the fourth largest hospitality company in China in 2019 based on the statistics issued by the China Hospitality Association. GreenTree has built a strong suite of brands, including its flagship "GreenTree Inns" brand as a result of its long-standing dedication to the hospitality industry in China and consistent quality of its services, signature hotel designs, broad geographic coverage and convenient locations. GreenTree has further expanded its brand portfolio into mid-to-up-scale and luxury segments through a series of strategic investments. By offering diverse brands, through its strong membership base, expansive booking network, superior system management with reasonable charges, and fully supported by its operating departments including Decoration, Engineering, Purchasing, Operation, IT and Finance, GreenTree aims to keep closer relationships with all of its clients and partners by providing a brand portfolio that features comfort, style and value.

Gores Holdings IV Inc Units 1 Ord Share Class A & 14 War
Gores Holdings IV Inc Wt Exp 01242025
Greenhill & Co., Inc. is a leading independent investment bank entirely focused on providing financial advice on significant mergers, acquisitions, restructurings, financings and capital raising to corporations, partnerships, institutions and governments globally. It acts for clients located throughout the world from its offices in New York, Chicago, Dallas, Frankfurt, Hong Kong, Houston, London, Madrid, Melbourne, San Francisco, S??o Paulo, Stockholm, Sydney, Tokyo and Toronto.
Guild Holdings Co - Class A
Graham Corporation (Graham) designs, manufactures and sells custom-built vacuum and heat transfer equipment to customers worldwide. The Company's products include steam jet ejector vacuum systems, surface condensers for steam turbines, vacuum pumps and compressors, various types of heat exchangers, including helical coil heat exchangers marketed under the Heliflow name, and plate and frame heat exchangers. The Company's products produce a vacuum, condense steam vapor or transfer heat, or perform a combination of these tasks. The Company's products are available in a range of metals and non-metallic corrosion resistant materials. The Company's two wholly owned subsidiaries include Graham Vacuum and Heat transfers Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.
Guardion is a specialty health sciences company (i) that develops medical foods and medical devices in the ocular health marketplace and (ii) that is developing nutraceuticals that the Company believes will provide medicinal and health benefits to consumers.
CGI Group Inc. (CGI) is a Canada-based company, which provides information technology (IT) solutions, systems integration, IT outsourcing and business solutions. The Company's business segments include Canada; United States of America; Nordics, Southern Europe and South America; Central and Eastern Europe; United Kingdom; Asia Pacific, and France. The Company's delivery model provides for work to be carried out onsite at client premises, or through its centers located globally. The Company also has a range of business solutions, which support long-term client relationships. Its services include consulting, systems integration, and management of information technology (IT) and business functions (outsourcing). On August 20, 2012, CGI completed its acquisition of Logica plc (Logica).
Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. is a holding company. The Company is a fabricator of offshore drilling and production platforms, hull and deck sections of floating production platforms and other specialized structures used in the development and production of offshore crude oil and natural gas (oil and gas) reserves. The Company's primary activity is the fabrication of offshore drilling and production platforms, including jackets and deck sections of fixed production platforms, hull, tendon, and/or deck sections of floating production platforms (such as tension leg platforms (TLPs), SPARs, floating production storage and offloading vessels (FPSOs) and Minimum Deepwater Operating Concept (MinDOC's)), piles, wellhead protectors, subsea templates and various production, compressor and utility modules. Its Houma facilities are located on 663 acres, of which 316 are developed for fabrication activities.
Headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan, GigaMedia Limited ( Singapore registration number: 199905474H) is a diversified provider of digital entertainment services in Taiwan and Hong Kong. GigaMedia's digital entertainment service business is an innovative leader in Asia with growing capabilities of development, distribution and operation of digital entertainments, as well as platform services for games with a focus on mobile games and casual games.
G-III designs, sources and markets apparel and accessories under owned, licensed and private label brands. G-III?€?s owned brands include DKNY, Donna Karan, Vilebrequin, G. H. Bass, Eliza J, Jessica Howard, Andrew Marc and Marc New York. G-III has fashion licenses under the Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, Karl Lagerfeld Paris, Kenneth Cole, Cole Haan, Guess?, Vince Camuto, Levi's and Dockers brands. Through its team sports business, G-III has licenses with the National Football League, National Basketball Association, Major League Baseball, National Hockey League and over 150 U.S. colleges and universities. Through its retail subsidiaries, G-III also operates retail stores under the DKNY, Vilebrequin and Karl Lagerfeld Paris names. G-III is currently in the process of liquidating and closing its retail stores operated under the Wilsons Leather, G.H. Bass and Calvin Klein Performance names. Subsequent to completion of the restructuring of its retail operations segment, G-III will, through two of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, continue to operate stores under the DKNY and Karl Lagerfeld Paris names. G-III, through wholly owned foreign subsidiaries, will also continue to operate stores under the Vilebrequin name.
DELISTED -
GigCapital3 Inc. Units each consisting of one share of Common Stock and threefourths of one Redeemable Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock
GigCapital3 Inc. Redeemable Warrants each exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share
Gildan Activewear Inc. (Gildan) is a marketer and vertically-integrated global manufacturer of basic, non-fashion apparel products for customers. It sells active wear products to screen print markets in North America, Europe and other international markets. Gildan is a supplier of active wear for the screen print channel in the United States and Canada, and also a supplier for this market in Europe and Mexico. It sells socks and underwear, in addition to its active wear products, to mass market and regional retailers in North America. In the United States mass market retail channel, Gildan is a supplier of socks. The Company operates in one business segment non-fashion apparel. On March 31, 2010, the Company completed the acquisition of Shahriyar Fabric Industries Limited (Shahriyar), vertically-integrated knitting, dyeing, finishing, cutting and sewing facility for the manufacture of ring-spun T-shirts near in Bangladesh. On May 9, 2012, the Company acquired Anvil Holdings, Inc.
Gilead Sciences, Inc. is a research-based biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops and commercializes innovative medicines in areas of unmet medical need. The company strives to transform and simplify care for people with life-threatening illnesses around the world. Gilead has operations in more than 35 countries worldwide, with headquarters in Foster City, California. For more than 30 years, Gilead has been a leading innovator in the field of HIV, driving advances in treatment, prevention, testing and linkage to care, and cure research. Today, it?€?s estimated that more than 12 million people living with HIV globally receive antiretroviral therapy provided by Gilead or one of the company?€?s manufacturing partners. Gilead is committed to supporting the global health community to quickly and effectively respond to serious and life-threatening viral outbreaks worldwide. To that end, we are contributing our antiviral expertise and resources to help investigate potential treatments for patients with COVID-19.
Gilat Satellite Networks Ltd. (NASDAQ: GILT, TASE: GILT) is a leading global provider of satellite-based broadband communications. With 30 years of experience, we design and manufacture cutting-edge ground segment equipment, and provide comprehensive solutions and end-to-end services, powered by our innovative technology. Delivering high value competitive solutions, our portfolio comprises of a cloud based VSAT network platform, high-speed modems, high performance on-the-move antennas and high efficiency, high power Solid-State Amplifiers (SSPA) and Block Upconverters (BUC). Gilat?€?s comprehensive solutions support multiple applications with a full portfolio of products to address key applications including broadband access, cellular backhaul, enterprise, in-flight connectivity, maritime, trains, defense and public safety, all while meeting the most stringent service level requirements. Gilat controlling shareholders are the FIMI Private Equity Funds.
General Mills is a leading global food company whose purpose is to make food the world loves. Its brands include Cheerios, Annie's, Yoplait, Nature Valley, H??agen-Dazs, Betty Crocker, Pillsbury, Old El Paso, Wanchai Ferry, Yoki, BLUE and more. Headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, General Mills generated fiscal 2020 net sales of U.S. $17.6 billion. In addition, General Mills?€? share of non-consolidated joint venture net sales totaled U.S. $1.0 billion.
GLOBAL INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES INC
Gigcapital2 Inc Tradeable Rights July 2019
GigCapital2 Inc. Units each consisting of one share of Common Stock and one Warrant
Gigcapital2 Inc Warrants 28022026
No Description Available
No Description Available
No Description Available
No Description Available
No Description Available
No Description Available
Glaukos ( www.glaukos.com ) is an ophthalmic medical technology and pharmaceutical company focused on novel therapies for the treatment of glaucoma, corneal disorders and retinal diseases. The company pioneered Micro-Invasive Glaucoma Surgery, or MIGS, to revolutionize the traditional glaucoma treatment and management paradigm. Glaukos launched the iStent ??, its first MIGS device, in the United States in July 2012 and launched its next-generation iStent inject ?? device in the United States in September 2018. In corneal health, Glaukos?€? proprietary suite of single-use, bio-activated pharmaceuticals are designed to strengthen, stabilize and reshape the cornea through a process called corneal collagen cross-linking to treat corneal ectatic disorders and correct refractive conditions. Glaukos is leveraging its platform technology to build a comprehensive and proprietary portfolio of micro-scale surgical and pharmaceutical therapies in glaucoma, corneal health and retinal disease.
Globe Life is headquartered in McKinney, TX and has more than 11,000 insurance agents and 3,000 corporate employees. Globe Life's insurance subsidiaries include American Income Life, Family Heritage Life, Globe Life And Accident Insurance Company, Globe Life Insurance Company of New York, Liberty National Life, National Income Life, and United American. More information is available at www.globe.life. SOURCE Globe Life Inc.
Torchmark Corporation 6.125% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2056
Gladstone Capital Corporation is a publicly traded business development company that invests in debt and equity securities, consisting primarily of secured first and second lien term loans to lower middle market businesses in the United States.

Gladstone Capital Corp 5.375 Notes 10302024
Globus is an integrated dry bulk shipping company that provides marine transportation services worldwide and presently owns, operates and manages a fleet of six dry bulk vessels that transport iron ore, coal, grain, steel products, cement, alumina and other dry bulk cargoes internationally. Globus?€? subsidiaries own and operate six vessels with a total carrying capacity of 381,738 Dwt and a weighted average age of 10.9 years as of September 30, 2020.
Glen Burnie Bancorp is a bank holding company. The Bank of Glen Burnie (the Bank) is the Company's subsidiary. The Bank serves northern Anne Arundel County and surrounding areas from its main office and branch in Glen Burnie, Maryland and branch offices in Odenton, Riviera Beach, Crownsville, Severn (two locations), Linthicum and Severna Park, Maryland. The Bank is engaged in the commercial and retail banking business as authorized by the banking statutes of the State of Maryland, including the acceptance of demand and time deposits, and the origination of loans to individuals, associations, partnerships and corporations. The Bank's real estate financing consists of residential first and second mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit and commercial mortgage loans. Commercial lending consists of both secured and unsecured loans. The Bank also originates automobile loans through arrangements with local automobile dealers.
Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation (Great Lakes) is a provider of dredging services in the United States. Great Lakes provides dredging services in the East, West, and Gulf Coasts of the United States and worldwide. The Company also owns NASDI, LLC (NASDI), a demolition services provider located in the Boston, Massachusetts area. The Company has a 50% interest in Amboy Aggregates (Amboy), a sand dredging operation in New Jersey and a 50% interest in TerraSea Environmental Solutions, (TerraSea) an environmental remediation services business. The Company operates in two segments: dredging and demolition. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Dredging Operations segment generated approximately 83% of total revenues and the Demolition Operations segment generated approximately 17% of total revenues. In January 2013, the Company acquired the assets of Terra Contracting, LLC.

Galileo Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Ord & 1 Red Wt
Galileo Acquisition Corp Warrants 31102026
TD Holdings, Inc. is??a commodities trading and supply chain management service provider in China. Our commodities trading and supply chain management businesses are conducted under the brand names "Huamucheng" by Shenzhen Huamucheng Trading Co., Ltd. and "Qianhai Baiyu" by Shenzhen Qianhai Baiyu Supply Chain Co., Ltd., the Company's wholly owned subsidiaries in Shenzhen.
GCI Liberty Inc - Ordinary Shares - Class A
GCI Liberty Inc - PRF PERPETUAL USD - Series A
The Fund, under normal circumstances, invests at least 80% of its net assets (plus the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes) in securities of infrastructure-related companies located throughout the world, including the United States, and infrastructure-related investments.    A company is considered to be an infrastructure-related company if it derives at least 50% of its revenues or earnings from, or devotes at least 50% of its assets to, infrastructure-related activities. Infrastructure refers to the systems and networks of energy, transportation, communication, utilities and other services required for the normal operation, function, growth or development of a community or economy. Infrastructure assets are physical structures and networks that provide these necessary services, including, for example, transportation assets (e.g., roads and bridges), energy assets (e.g., oil and gas pipelines), utility assets (e.g., electric, gas and water distribution facilities and networks), social assets (e.g., hospitals and schools) and communications assets (e.g., communication towers, satellites and communication networks). Infrastructure-related investments include equity securities of companies that finance any infrastructure assets or projects, which may include real estate investment trusts (?€?REITs?€?).    The Fund generally invests in shares of companies located throughout the world, including in the United States. Under normal market conditions, the Fund will invest at least 40% of its net assets, unless market conditions are deemed unfavorable by the Adviser (and in all cases, at least 30% of its net assets), in companies that are economically tied to non-U.S. countries, including by being organized outside of the United States or conducting substantial business outside of the United States. The Fund will normally maintain investments in companies economically tied to a minimum of three countries, one of which may be the United States.    The Fund may invest in issuers located in emerging market countries. The Adviser defines emerging market countries to mean those countries that are included in the Morgan Stanley Capital International (?€?MSCI?€?) Emerging Markets Index and those countries that are included in the MSCI Frontier Market Index.    The Fund is an actively managed exchange-traded fund (?€?ETF?€?) that seeks to achieve its investment objective by using a proprietary, multi-factor quantitative model to evaluate securities of issuers in the infrastructure group of industries by evaluating and ranking equity securities based on factors that identify growth, value, quality and risk characteristics. The Adviser also incorporates constraints/controls (in relation to country, industry, group, sector and individual security concentrations) that are designed to foster portfolio diversification, liquidity and risk mitigation.
Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd. is a clinical stage drug development biopharmaceutical company for liver, metabolic and inflammatory diseases. Our lead compound, Aramchol???, a backbone drug candidate for the treatment of NASH and fibrosis is currently in a Phase 3 registrational study. We are also collaborating with the??Hebrew University??in the development of Amilo-5MER, a 5 amino acid synthetic peptide and plan to initiate a first in human study by the fourth quarter of 2020.
Golar LNG Limited, a midstream liquefied natural gas (LNG) company, is engaged in the transportation, regasification and liquefaction, and trading of LNG. The company operates in two segments, Vessel Operations and Commodity Trading. It is involved in the acquisition, ownership, operation, and chartering of LNG carriers and floating storage regasification units (FSRU); and the development of LNG projects. The company owns and operates a fleet of seven LNG carriers. As of December 31, 2013, it operated Golar LNG Partner LP's fleet of eight LNG carriers and FSRUs. Golar LNG Limited was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda.
We are a digitally native company where innovation, design and engineering meet scale. We use the latest technologies in the digital and cognitive field to transform organizations in every aspect. We have more than 14,300 employees and we are present in 16 countries working for companies like Google, Rockwell Automation, Electronic Arts and Santander, among others. We were named a Worldwide Leader in CX Improvement Services by IDC's MarketScape report. We were also featured as a business case study at Harvard, MIT, and Stanford. We are a member of the Cybersecurity Tech Accord.
GasLog is an international owner, operator and manager of LNG carriers providing support to international energy companies as part of their LNG logistics chain. GasLog?€?s consolidated fleet consists of 35 LNG carriers. Of these vessels, 19 (15 on the water and four on order) are owned by GasLog, one has been sold to a subsidiary of Mitsui Co. Ltd. and leased back by GasLog under a long-term bareboat charter and the remaining 15 LNG carriers are owned by the Company?€?s subsidiary, GasLog Partners LP. GasLog's principal executive offices are at 69 Akti Miaouli, 18537 Piraeus, Greece. Visit GasLog?€?s website at http://www.gaslogltd.com. About GasLog Partners GasLog Partners is a growth-oriented master limited partnership focused on owning, operating and acquiring LNG carriers under multi-year charters. GasLog Partners is a growth-oriented master limited partnership focused on owning, operating and acquiring LNG carriers under multi-year charters. GasLog Partners?€? fleet consists of 15 LNG carriers with an average carrying capacity of approximately 158,000 cbm. GasLog Partners?€? principal executive offices are located at 69 Akti Miaouli, 18537 Piraeus, Greece. Visit GasLog Partners?€? website at http://www.gaslogmlp.com.
GasLog LP. 8.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preference Shares
GasLog Partners is a growth-oriented master limited partnership focused on owning, operating and acquiring LNG carriers under multi-year charters. GasLog Partners?€? fleet consists of 15 LNG carriers with an average carrying capacity of approximately 158,000 cbm. GasLog Partners?€? principal executive offices are located at 69 Akti Miaouli, 18537 Piraeus, Greece. Visit GasLog Partners?€? website at http://www.gaslogmlp.com.
GasLog Partners LP 8.625% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Fixed to Floating Rate Preference Units
GasLog Partners LP 8.200% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Fixed to Floating Rate Preference Units
With approximately 1,550 locations primarily in the Northeast, Global Partners is one of the region?€?s largest independent owners, suppliers and operators of gasoline stations and convenience stores. Global also owns, controls or has access to one of the largest terminal networks in New England and New York, through which it distributes gasoline, distillates, residual oil and renewable fuels to wholesalers, retailers and commercial customers. In addition, Global engages in the transportation of petroleum products and renewable fuels by rail from the mid-continental U.S. and Canada.
Global Partners LP 9.75% Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units representing limited partner interests
Galapagos (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) discovers and develops small molecule medicines with novel modes of action, three of which show promising patient results and are currently in late-stage development in multiple diseases. Our pipeline comprises Phase 3 through to discovery programs in inflammation, fibrosis, osteoarthritis and other indications. Our ambition is to become a leading global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative medicines.
GLPI is engaged in the business of acquiring, financing, and owning real estate property to be leased to gaming operators in triple-net lease arrangements, pursuant to which the tenant is responsible for all facility maintenance, insurance required in connection with the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties, taxes levied on or with respect to the leased properties and all utilities and other services necessary or appropriate for the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties.
Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. (Greenlight Capital Re) is a holding company. Greenlight CapitalRe is a global specialist property and casualty reinsurer. The Company conducts its reinsurance operations through two licensed and regulated entities: Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. (Greenlight Re) based in the Cayman Islands, and Greenlight Reinsurance Ireland, Ltd. (GRIL), based in Ireland. Greenlight Re provides global specialty property and casualty reinsurance. GRIL provides multi-line property and casualty reinsurance capacity to the European broker market and provides the Company with a platform to serve clients located in Europe. The Company's investment portfolio is managed by DME Advisors, LP. The Company offers excess of loss and quota share products in the property and casualty market.
Greenwich LifeSciences is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of GP2, an immunotherapy to prevent breast cancer recurrences in patients who have previously undergone surgery. GP2 is a 9 amino acid transmembrane peptide of the HER2/ neu protein. In a randomized, single-blinded, placebo-controlled, multi-center (16 sites led by MD Anderson Cancer Center) Phase IIb clinical trial, no recurrences were observed in the HER2/ neu 3+ adjuvant setting after median 5 years of follow-up, if the patient received the 6 primary intradermal injections over the first 6 months ( p = 0.0338 ). Of the 138 patients that have been treated with GP2 to date over 4 clinical trials, GP2 treatment was well tolerated and no serious adverse events were observed related to GP2 immunotherapy. Greenwich LifeSciences is planning to commence a Phase III clinical trial using a similar treatment regime as the Phase IIb clinical trial.
Glatfelter is a leading global supplier of engineered materials. The Company?€?s high-quality, innovative and customizable solutions are found in tea and single-serve coffee filtration, personal hygiene and packaging products as well as home improvement and industrial applications. Headquartered in Charlotte, NC, the Company?€?s annualized net sales approximate $925 million with customers in over 100 countries and approximately 2,500 employees worldwide. Operations include eleven manufacturing facilities located in the United States, Canada, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and the Philippines. Additional information about Glatfelter may be found at www. glatfelter.com.
Galecto Inc
The Gabelli Global Utility and Income Trust Series A Cumulative Puttable and Callable Preferred Shares
The Gabelli Global Utility and Income Trust Series B Cumulative Puttable and Callable Preferred Shares
Glu Mobile is a leading developer and publisher of mobile games. Founded in 2001, Glu is headquartered in San Francisco with additional locations in Foster City, Toronto and Hyderabad. With a history spanning over a decade, Glu?€?s culture is rooted in taking smart risks and fostering creativity to deliver world-class interactive experiences for our players. Glu?€?s diverse portfolio features top-grossing and award-winning original and licensed IP titles including, Covet Fashion, Deer Hunter, Design Home, Diner DASH Adventures, Disney Sorcerer?€?s Arena, Kim Kardashian: Hollywood and MLB Tap Sports Baseball available worldwide on various platforms including the App Store and Google Play.
Corning (www.corning.com) is one of the world's leading innovators in materials science, with a 169-year track record of life-changing inventions. Corning applies its unparalleled expertise in glass science, ceramic science, and optical physics along with its deep manufacturing and engineering capabilities to develop category-defining products that transform industries and enhance people's lives. Corning succeeds through sustained investment in RD&E, a unique combination of material and process innovation, and deep, trust-based relationships with customers who are global leaders in their industries. Corning's capabilities are versatile and synergistic, which allows the company to evolve to meet changing market needs, while also helping our customers capture new opportunities in dynamic industries. Today, Corning's markets include mobile consumer electronics, optical communications, automotive technologies, life sciences technologies, and display technologies. PPG: WE PROTECT AND BEAUTIFY THE WORLD??? At PPG (NYSE: PPG), we work every day to develop and deliver the paints, coatings and materials that our customers have trusted for more than 135 years. Through dedication and creativity, we solve our customers?€? biggest challenges, collaborating closely to find the right path forward. With headquarters in Pittsburgh, we operate and innovate in more than 70 countries and reported net sales of $15.1 billion in 2019. We serve customers in construction, consumer products, industrial and transportation markets and aftermarkets.
GlycoMimetics is a biotechnology company with two late-stage clinical development programs and a pipeline of novel glycomimetic drugs, all designed to address unmet medical needs resulting from diseases in which carbohydrate biology plays a key role. GlycoMimetics' drug candidate, uproleselan, an E-selectin antagonist, was evaluated in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial as a potential treatment for AML and is being evaluated across a range of patient populations including a Company-sponsored Phase 3 trial in relapsed/refractory AML under breakthrough therapy designation. Rivipansel, a pan-selectin antagonist, is being explored for use in treatment of acute VOC in SCD. GlycoMimetics has also completed a Phase 1 clinical trial with another wholly-owned drug candidate, GMI-1359, a combined CXCR4 and E-selectin antagonist. GlycoMimetics is located in Rockville, MD in the BioHealth Capital Region.
General Motors is committed to delivering safer, better and more sustainable ways for people to get around. General Motors, its subsidiaries and joint venture entities sell vehicles under the Cadillac, Chevrolet, Baojun, Buick, GMC, Holden, Jiefang and Wuling brands.
Genmab is a publicly traded, international biotechnology company specializing in the creation and development of differentiated antibody therapeutics for the treatment of cancer. Founded in 1999, the company is the creator of the following approved antibodies: DARZALEX ?? (daratumumab, under agreement with Janssen Biotech, Inc.) for the treatment of certain multiple myeloma indications in territories including the U.S., Europe and Japan, Kesimpta ?? (subcutaneous ofatumumab, under agreement with Novartis AG), for the treatment of adults with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis in the U.S. and TEPEZZA ?? (teprotumumab, under agreement with Roche granting sublicense to Horizon Therapeutics plc) for the treatment of thyroid eye disease in the U.S. A subcutaneous formulation of daratumumab, known as DARZALEX FASPRO??? (daratumumab and hyaluronidase-fihj) in the U.S., has been approved in the U.S. and Europe for the treatment of adult patients with certain multiple myeloma indications. The first approved Genmab created therapy, Arzerra ?? (ofatumumab, under agreement with Novartis AG), approved for the treatment of certain chronic lymphocytic leukemia indications, is available in Japan and is also available in other territories via compassionate use or oncology access programs. Daratumumab is in clinical development by Janssen for the treatment of additional multiple myeloma indications, other blood cancers and amyloidosis. Genmab also has a broad clinical and pre-clinical product pipeline. Genmab's technology base consists of validated and proprietary next generation antibody technologies - the DuoBody ?? platform for generation of bispecific antibodies, the HexaBody ?? platform, which creates effector function enhanced antibodies, the HexElect ?? platform, which combines two co-dependently acting HexaBody molecules to introduce selectivity while maximizing therapeutic potency and the DuoHexaBody ?? platform, which enhances the potential potency of bispecific antibodies through hexamerization. The company intends to leverage these technologies to create opportunities for full or co-ownership of future products. Genmab has alliances with top tier pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Genmab is headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark with sites in Utrecht, the Netherlands, Princeton, New Jersey, U.S. and Tokyo, Japan.
DELISTED - Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. is a licensed online gambling company with a specific focus on esports wagering and 18+ gaming. Esports Entertainment offers bet exchange style wagering on esports events in a licensed, regulated and secure platform to the global esports audience at vie.gg. In addition, Esports Entertainment intends to offer users from around the world the ability to participate in multi-player mobile and PC video game tournaments for cash prizes. Esports Entertainment is led by a team of industry professionals and technical experts from the online gambling and the video game industries, and esports. The Company holds licenses to conduct online gambling and 18+ gaming on a global basis in Curacao, Kingdom of the Netherlands. The Company maintains offices in Malta, Curacao and Warsaw, Poland. Esports Entertainment common stock is listed on the OTCQB under the symbol GMBL.
Esports Entertainment Group Inc Wt Exp 2025
Gamida Cell Ltd - Ordinary Shares
GameStop Corp., a Fortune 500 company headquartered in Grapevine, Texas, is the world?€?s largest omni-channel video game retailer, operates over 5,000 stores across 10 countries, and offers the best selection of new and pre-owned video gaming consoles, accessories and video game titles, in both physical and digital formats. GameStop also offers fans a wide variety of POP! vinyl figures, collectibles, board games and more. Through GameStop?€?s unique buy-sell-trade program, gamers can trade in video game consoles, games, and accessories, as well as consumer electronics for cash or in-store credit. The company's consumer product network also includes www.gamestop.com and Game Informer?? magazine, the world's leading print and digital video game publication. General information about??GameStop Corp.??can be obtained at the Company?€?s corporate website. Follow @GameStop??and @GameStopCorp on Twitter and Instagram and find??GameStop??on??Facebook??at www.facebook.com/GameStop.
Globus Medical, Inc. is a leading musculoskeletal solutions company based in Audubon, PA. The company was founded in 2003 by an experienced team of professionals with a shared vision to create products that enable surgeons to promote healing in patients with musculoskeletal disorders.
Gores Metropoulos Inc Ordinary Shares Class A
Gores Metropoulos Inc - Units (1 Class A & 1/3 War)
Gores Metropoulos Inc Warrants 28012026
Golar LNG Partners LP (the Partnership) is a limited partnership formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of Golar LNG Limited (Golar), an independent owner and operator of floating storage re-gasification units (FSRUs) and liquefied natural gas (LNG) carriers, to own and operate FSRUs and LNG carriers under long-term charters. The vessels in its fleet are chartered to BG Group, Pertamina, Petrobras and Dubai Supply Authority. As of April 20, 2012, Golar owned its 2% general partner interest, all of the Company's incentive distribution rights and a 49.9% limited partner interest in it. As of December 31, 2012, the Company's fleet consisted of a 100% interest in the Golar Spirit, which is operating under a time charter with Petrobras, and a 100% interest in the Golar Winter, which is operating under a time charter with Petrobras. As of April 30, 2013, the Company has a fleet of four FSRUs and four LNG carriers.
Golar LNG Partners LP Redeemable Pfd Unit Ser A
Global Medical REIT is a net-lease medical office REIT that acquires purpose-built specialized healthcare facilities and leases those facilities to strong healthcare systems and physician groups with leading market share.
Global Medical REIT Inc. is net-lease medical office real estate investment trust (REIT) that acquires purpose-built, specialized healthcare facilities and leases those facilities to strong healthcare systems and groups with leading market share. GMRE?€?s real estate portfolio is comprised of 84 healthcare assets, which are leased on a triple-net basis and contain approximately 2.1 million square feet. These assets are concentrated in secondary and tertiary markets across the United States. The Company?€?s management team has significant healthcare, real estate and REIT experience and has long-established relationships with a wide range of healthcare providers.

GANDER MOUNTAIN CO
Genocea?€?s mission is to conquer cancer by developing personalized cancer immunotherapies in multiple tumor types. Our unique ATLAS??? platform comprehensively profiles each patient?€?s T cell responses to potential targets, or antigens, on the tumor. ATLAS enables us to optimize the neoantigens for inclusion in our immunotherapies and exclude inhibitory antigens that can exert an immunosuppressive effect. We are advancing two ATLAS-enabled programs: GEN-009, our neoantigen vaccine and GEN-011, our neoantigen-specific cell therapy using T cells derived from peripheral blood.
Genie Energy Ltd., (NYSE: GNE, GNEPRA) is a global energy solutions company. We supply homes and small businesses in the US, Europe and Asia with electricity including electricity generated from renewable resources and with natural gas. We provide commercial and industrial clients with energy brokerage and consultative services through our Diversegy brand. Through Genie Solar Energy and Prism Solar, we design, construct and install commercial solar energy solutions.
Genie Energy Ltd. Series 2012 - A Preferred Stock $0.01 par value
Genfit ADR
Genco Shipping & Trading Limited transports iron ore, coal, grain, steel products and other drybulk cargoes along worldwide shipping routes. As of November 18, 2020, Genco Shipping & Trading Limited?€?s fleet consists of 17 Capesize, six Ultramax, 18 Supramax and seven Handysize vessels with an aggregate capacity of approximately 4,627,000 dwt and an average age of 10.3 years. About Noble Capital Markets Noble Capital Markets, Inc. was incorporated in 1984 as a full-service SEC / FINRA registered broker-dealer, dedicated exclusively to serving underfollowed small / microcap companies through investment banking, wealth management, trading & execution, and equity research activities. Over the past 36 years, Noble has raised billions of dollars for these companies and published more than 45,000 equity research reports. www.noblecapitalmarkets.com email: contact@noblecapitalmarkets.com About Channelchek Channelchek (.com) is a comprehensive investor-centric portal???€? featuring more than 6,000 emerging growth companies???€? that provides advanced market data, independent research, balanced news, video webcasts, exclusive c-suite interviews, and access to virtual road shows.
Inc. Global Net Lease, Inc. is a publicly traded real estate investment trust listed on the NYSE focused on acquiring a diversified global portfolio of commercial properties, with an emphasis on sale-leaseback transactions involving single tenant, mission critical income producing net-leased assets across the United States , Western and Northern Europe .
Global Net Lease Inc. 7.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock $0.01 par value per share
Greenlane is the leading global platform for the development and distribution of premium cannabis accessories and lifestyle products. The company operates as a powerful house of brands, third-party brand accelerator, and omni-channel distribution platform. Greenlane serves the global markets with an expansive customer base of more than 7,000 retail locations, including licensed cannabis businesses, smoke shops, and specialty retailers. As a pioneer in the cannabis space, Greenlane is the partner of choice for many of the industry?€?s leading brands, including PAX Labs, Storz & Bickel (Canopy-owned), Cookies, Grenco Science, and DaVinci. Greenlane also proudly owns and operates a diverse brand portfolio including packaging innovator Pollen Gear???, the K.Haring Glass Collection by Higher Standards, Marley Natural???, and VIBES??? rolling papers. Higher Standards, Greenlane?€?s flagship brand, offers both a high-end product line and immersive retail experience with groundbreaking stores in both New York City?€?s Chelsea Market and Malibu, California. Greenlane also owns and operates both Vapor.com and VapoShop.com, two industry-leading, direct-to-consumer e-commerce platforms in North America and Europe respectively.
GenMark Diagnostics is a leading provider of multiplex molecular diagnostic solutions designed to enhance patient care, improve key quality metrics, and reduce the total cost-of-care. Utilizing GenMark?€?s proprietary eSensor ?? detection technology, GenMark?€?s XT-8 ?? and ePlex ?? systems are designed to support a broad range of molecular diagnostic tests with compact, easy-to-use workstations and self-contained, disposable test cartridges. GenMark?€?s ePlex System: The True Sample-to-Answer Solution??? is designed to optimize laboratory efficiency and address a broad range of infectious disease testing needs, including respiratory, bloodstream and gastrointestinal infections.
Genprex, Inc. is a clinical-stage gene therapy company developing potentially life-changing technologies for patients with cancer and diabetes. Genprex?€?s technologies are designed to administer disease-fighting genes to provide new treatment options for large patient populations with cancer and diabetes who currently have limited treatment options. Genprex works with world-class institutions and collaborators to develop drug candidates to further its pipeline of gene therapies in order to provide novel treatment approaches. The Company?€?s lead product candidate, GPX-001 (quaratusugene ozeplasmid), is being evaluated as a treatment for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). GPX-001 has a multimodal mechanism of action that has been shown to interrupt cell signaling pathways that cause replication and proliferation of cancer cells; re-establish pathways for apoptosis, or programmed cell death, in cancer cells; and modulate the immune response against cancer cells. GPX-001 has also been shown to block mechanisms that create drug resistance. In January 2020, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration granted Fast Track Designation for GPX-001 for NSCLC in combination therapy with osimertinib (AstraZeneca?€?s Tagrisso??) for patients with EFGR mutations whose tumors progressed after treatment with osimertinib alone.
Generac Power Systems, Inc. is a leading global designer and manufacturer of energy technology solutions and other power products. In 1959, our founder was committed to designing, engineering and manufacturing the first affordable backup generator. More than 60 years later, that dedication to innovation, durability and excellence has resulted in the company's ability to expand its industry-leading product portfolio into homes and small businesses, on job sites, and in industrial and mobile applications across the globe. Generac hosts Power Outage Central, the definitive source of U.S. power outage data, at Generac.com/poweroutagecentral.

Greenrose Acquisition Corp Units 1 Ord Share & 1 War
Greenrose Acquisition Corp Wt Exp 2024
Genasys ??? is a global provider of critical communications solutions to help keep people safe. Genasys systems are in service in 72 countries around the world in diverse applications, including defense, law enforcement, public safety, national emergency warning systems, mass notification, critical event management and many more.
GAMCO Natural Resources Gold & Income Tust 5.20% Series A Cumulative Preferred Shares (Liquidation Preference $25.00 per share)
Founded in 1974, Gentex Corporation is a supplier of automatic-dimming rearview mirrors and electronics to the automotive industry, dimmable aircraft windows for aviation markets, and fire protection products to the fire protection market. Visit the company website at www.gentex.com.
Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. is a bank holding company that conducts commercial banking activities through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Guaranty Bank & Trust, N.A. As one of the oldest regional community banks in Texas, Guaranty Bank & Trust provides its customers with a full array of relationship-driven commercial and consumer banking products and services, as well as mortgage, trust, and wealth management services. Guaranty Bank & Trust has 31 banking locations across 24 Texas communities located within the East Texas, Dallas/Fort Worth, greater Houston and Central Texas regions of the state. As of September 30, 2020, Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. had total assets of $2.7 billion, total loans of $2.0 billion and total deposits of $2.2 billion.
Genius Brands International, Inc. is a leading global kids media company developing, producing, marketing and licensing branded children?€?s entertainment properties and consumer products for media and retail distribution. The Company?€?s award-winning ?€?content with a purpose?€? portfolio includes the upcoming Stan Lee?€?s Superhero Kindergarten, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and in partnership with Alibaba; Rainbow Rangers for Nick Jr.; Llama Llama, starring Jennifer Garner, for Netflix; award-winning toddler brand Baby Genius ; adventure comedy STEM series Thomas Edison's Secret Lab ; and entrepreneurship series Warren Buffett's Secret Millionaires Club, and the recently announced SHAQ?€?S GARAGE produced in association with Shaquille O?€?Neal and Authentic Brands Group. Through licensing agreements with leading partners, characters from Genius Brands?€? IP also appear on a wide range of consumer products for the worldwide retail marketplace. The Company?€?s new Kartoon Channel! is available in over 100 million U.S. television households via a broad range of distribution platforms, including Comcast, Cox, DISH, Amazon Prime, Sling TV, Apple iOs, Apple TV, Roku, Amazon Fire and more.
Genworth Financial, Inc. is a Fortune 500 insurance holding company committed to helping families achieve the dream of homeownership and address the financial challenges of aging through its leadership positions in mortgage insurance and long term care insurance. Headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, Genworth traces its roots back to 1871 and became a public company in 2004.
Grocery Outlet Holding Corp

GO Acquisition Corp. Units each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and onethird of one Warrant
GO Acquisition Corp - Warrants (31/08/2027)
As a leading health insurance marketplace, GoHealth's mission is to improve access to healthcare in America. Enrolling in a health insurance plan can be confusing for customers, and the seemingly small differences between plans can lead to significant out-of-pocket costs or lack of access to critical medicines and even providers. GoHealth combines cutting-edge technology, data science and deep industry expertise to match customers with the healthcare policy and carrier that is right for them. Since its inception, GoHealth has enrolled millions of people in Medicare and individual and family plans.
1847 Goedeker Inc Com
Golden Ocean Group Limited, a shipping company, engages in the transportation of dry bulk cargoes in the Capesize and Panamax markets. The company transports ores, coal, grains, and fertilizers along worldwide shipping routes. As of June 18, 2015, its fleet consisted of 46 operating vessels, including 18 vessels equipped with fuel specifications with an aggregate carrying capacity of approximately 5.4 million deadweight. The company is based in Hamilton, Bermuda.
Gogo Inc is a holding company. The Company operates through its two operating subsidiaries, Gogo LLC and Aircell Business Aviation Services LLC. The Company provides in-flight connectivity and wireless in-cabin digital entertainment solutions. It provide turnkey solutions for passengers to extend their connected lifestyles to the aircraft cabin. It operates in two segments: commercial aviation (CA) and business aviation (BA). Its CA business provides in-flight connectivity and digital entertainment solutions to commercial airline passengers through their personal Wi-Fi enabled devices.The Company's BA segment sells equipment and provides services for in-flight Internet connectivity and other voice and data communications under its Gogo Biz and Aircell branded products and services. Effective March 6, 2014, SAC Capital Advisors LLC acquired a 5.4% interest in Gogo Inc.
GOL serves more than 36 million passengers annually. With Brazil's largest network, GOL offers customers more than 750 daily flights to over 100 destinations in Brazil and in South America, the Caribbean and the United States. GOLLOG 's cargo transportation and logistics business serves more than 3,400 Brazilian municipalities and more than 200 international destinations in 95 countries. SMILES allows over 16 million registered clients to accumulate miles and redeem tickets to more than 700 destinations worldwide on the GOL partner network. Headquartered in S??o Paulo, GOL has a team of approximately 15,000 highly skilled aviation professionals and operates a fleet of 128 Boeing 737 aircraft, delivering Brazil's top on-time performance and an industry leading 19-year safety record. GOL has invested billions of Reais in facilities, products and services and technology to enhance the customer experience in the air and on the ground. GOL's shares are traded on the NYSE (GOL) and the B3 (GOLL4).
Barrick Gold Corporation (Barrick) is engaged in the production and sale of gold, as well as related activities, such as exploration and mine development. Barrick also produces copper, principally from the Zaldivar and Lumwana mines and holds other interests, including a nickel development project located in Africa. Barrick's business is organized into seven primary operating segments: four regional gold businesses, a global copper business unit, an oil and gas business, and a capital projects group. Its producing gold mines are concentrated in three regional business units (RBU): North America, South America, and Australia Pacific. Its Copper business unit contains producing copper mines located in Chile and Zambia. Barrick's North American RBU consists of its Cortez, and 60% interest in the new Pueblo Viejo mine. In October 2013, Barrick Gold Corporation completed the divestiture of its Yilgarn South assets (Yilgarn South) in Western Australia to Gold Fields Limited.

Gladstone Commercial is a real estate investment trust focused on acquiring, owning and operating net leased industrial and office properties across the United States. As of??June 30, 2020, Gladstone Commercial?€?s real estate portfolio consisted of 122 properties located in 28 states, totaling approximately 15.1 million square feet.

Gladstone Commercial Corp PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Ser E
Google Inc. (Google) is a global technology company. The Company's business is primarily focused around key areas, such as search, advertising, operating systems and platforms, enterprise and hardware products. The Company generates revenue primarily by delivering online advertising. The Company also generates revenues from Motorola by selling hardware products. The Company provides its products and services in more than 100 languages and in more than 50 countries, regions, and territories. Effective May 16, 2014, Google Inc acquired Quest Visual Inc. Effective May 20, 2014, Google Inc acquired Enterproid Inc, doing business as Divide. In June 2014, Google Inc acquired mDialog Corp. Effective June 25, 2014, Google Inc acquired Appurify Inc, a San Francisco-based developer of mobile bugging application software.
Google Inc. (Google) is a global technology company. The Company's business is primarily focused around key areas, such as search, advertising, operating systems and platforms, enterprise and hardware products. The Company generates revenue primarily by delivering online advertising. The Company also generates revenues from Motorola by selling hardware products. The Company provides its products and services in more than 100 languages and in more than 50 countries, regions, and territories. Effective May 16, 2014, Google Inc acquired Quest Visual Inc. Effective May 20, 2014, Google Inc acquired Enterproid Inc, doing business as Divide. In June 2014, Google Inc acquired mDialog Corp. Effective June 25, 2014, Google Inc acquired Appurify Inc, a San Francisco-based developer of mobile bugging application software.
Founded in a small warehouse in Toronto, Canada in 1957, Canada Goose has grown into one of the world?€?s leading makers of performance luxury apparel. Every collection is informed by the rugged demands of the Arctic and inspired by relentless innovation and uncompromised craftsmanship. From the coldest places on Earth to global fashion capitals, people are proud to wear Canada Goose products. Canada Goose is a recognized leader for its Made in Canada commitment, and is a long-time partner of Polar Bears International.
Gold Resource Corporation is engaged in the exploration for and production of gold and silver in Mexico. As of December 31, 2011, the Company held a 100% interest in six properties in Mexico's southern State of Oaxaca. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company produced a total of 66,159 ounces of gold equivalent from the El Aguila Project. During 2011, the Company's exploration was focused primarily on the El Aguila Project. The Company classifies its mineral properties into two categories: Operating Properties and Exploration Properties. Operating Properties are properties on which the Company operates a producing mine. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had interest in six properties, one Operating Property and five Exploration Properties, in the southern state of Oaxaca, Mexico. In June 2011, the Company acquired an additional property between the El Rey property and Alta Gracia property, referred as the El Chamizo property.
Gossamer Bio Inc - Ordinary Shares
GeoVax Labs, Inc. (GeoVax) is a biotechnology company that prevent and fight human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). The Company's vaccines prevent HIV infection and to serve as a treatment for individuals who are already infected with HIV. These vaccines are being evaluated in humans both in those infected with HIV and those who are not. The Company has licensed from Emory University certain acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) vaccine technology, which was developed in collaboration with the National Institutes of Health, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The Company's initial work focused on the development of a preventive vaccine for use in uninfected humans to prevent infection should they be exposed to the virus. The Company's preventive vaccines are being tested in humans by the HIV Vaccine Trials Network (HVTN) and are funded by the NIH.
Geovax Labs Inc - Warrants (01/01/2025)
GreenPower designs, builds and distributes a full suite of high-floor and low-floor vehicles, including transit buses, school buses, shuttles, a cargo van and a double decker. GreenPower employs a clean-sheet design to manufacture all-electric buses that are purpose built to be battery powered with zero emissions. GreenPower integrates global suppliers for key components, such as Siemens or TM4 for the drive motors, Knorr for the brakes, ZF for the axles and Parker for the dash and control systems. This OEM platform allows GreenPower to meet the specifications of various operators while providing standard parts for ease of maintenance and accessibility for warranty requirements.
Founded in 1928, Genuine Parts Company is a global service organization engaged in the distribution of automotive replacement parts and industrial parts. The Company's Automotive Parts Group distributes automotive replacement parts in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Australasia, France, the U.K., Germany, Poland, the Netherlands and Belgium. The Company's Industrial Parts Group distributes industrial replacement parts in the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Australasia. Genuine Parts Company had 2019 revenues of $19.4 billion.
Group 1 owns and operates 185 automotive dealerships, 241 franchises, and 49 collision centers in??the United States, the??United Kingdom??and??Brazil??that offer 31 brands of automobiles. Through its dealerships, the Company sells new and used cars and light trucks; arranges related vehicle financing; sells service contracts; provides automotive maintenance and repair services; and sells vehicle parts.
Georgia Power Company Series 2017A 5.00% Junior Subordinated Notes due October 1 2077
Graphic Packaging Holding Company, headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, is committed to providing consumer packaging that makes a world of difference. The Company is a leading provider of paper-based packaging solutions for a wide variety of products to food, beverage, foodservice, and other consumer products companies. The Company operates on a global basis, is one of the largest producers of folding cartons and paper-based foodservice products in the United States, and holds leading market positions in coated recycled paperboard, coated unbleached kraft paperboard and solid bleached sulfate paperboard. The Company's customers include many of the world's most widely recognized companies and brands.
Great Panther Silver Limited, a silver mining and exploration company, is engaged in the mining of mineral properties in Mexico. The company explores for silver, gold, lead, and zinc. It primarily owns a 100% interest in the Topia Mine consisting of 53 contiguous concessions covering approximately 6,258 hectors in Durango State; and a 100% interest in the Guanajuato silver-gold mine covering 1,107 hectares situated in the Guanajuato Mining District. The company also owns interest in the San Ignacio project, which lies within La Luz mining camp of the Guanajuato Mining District. In addition, it owns two exploration stage properties, such as the Santa Rosa project comprising 4 mining concessions that covers an area of approximately 1,514 hectares, located to the northeast of Guanajuato; and the El Horcon project, which consists of 17 contiguous mining concessions covering an area of approximately 7,908 hectares, located northwest of Guanajuato. The company was formerly known as Great Panther Resources Limited and changed its name to Great Panther Silver Limited in January 2010. Great Panther Silver Limited was founded in 1965 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.

Global Payments Inc. is a leading pure play payments technology company delivering innovative software and services to our customers globally. Our technologies, services and employee expertise enable us to provide a broad range of solutions that allow our customers to operate their businesses more efficiently across a variety of channels around the world. Headquartered in Georgia with nearly 24,000 employees worldwide, Global Payments is a member of the S&P 500 with worldwide reach spanning over 100 countries throughout North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America.
Gulfport Energy Corporation engages in the acquisition, exploration, exploitation, and production of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), and crude oil in the United States. The company??s principal properties are located in the Utica Shale primarily in Eastern Ohio; Louisiana Gulf Coast in the West Cote Blanche Bay; and Hackberry fields. It also has interests in the Niobrara Formation of Northwestern Colorado; Bakken Formation; entities that operate in Southeast Asia, including the Phu Horm gas field in Thailand; and Alberta oil sands located in Canada. As of December 31, 2014, the company had 933.6 Bcfe of proved reserves, as well as undeveloped reserves totaled 3,778 thousands of barrels oil, 373,840 millions of cubic feet natural gas, and 13,889 thousands of barrels of NGLs. Gulfport Energy Corporation is headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Green Plains Partners LP is a fee-based Delaware limited partnership formed by Green Plains Inc. to provide fuel storage and transportation services by owning, operating, developing and acquiring ethanol and fuel storage terminals, transportation assets and other related assets and businesses.
Green Plains Inc. is a diversified commodity-processing business with operations that include corn processing, grain handling and storage and commodity marketing and logistics services. The company is one of the leading corn processors in the world and, through its adjacent businesses, is focused on the production of sustainable biofuels and sustainable high protein and novel feed ingredients. Green Plains owns a 48.9% limited partner interest and a 2.0% general partner interest in Green Plains Partners LP.
GeoPark Limited engages in the exploration, development, and production of oil and gas reserves in Chile, Colombia, Brazil, and Argentina. As of December 31, 2014, the company had working and/or economic interests in 29 hydrocarbons blocks, as well as shallow-offshore concession in Brazil that includes the Manati Field. It had net proved reserves of 43.7 million barrels of oil equivalent. The company was formerly known as GeoPark Holdings Limited and changed its name to GeoPark Limited in July 2013. GeoPark Limited was founded in 2002 and is based in Santiago, Chile.
GPRO ) GoPro??helps the world capture and share itself in immersive and exciting ways.
Gap Inc. is a leading global retailer offering clothing, accessories, and personal care products for men, women, and children under the Old Navy, Gap, Banana Republic, Athleta, Intermix, Janie and Jack, and Hill City brands. Fiscal year 2019 net sales were $16.4 billion. Gap Inc. products are available for purchase worldwide through company-operated stores, franchise stores, and e-commerce sites.
GP Strategies Corporation is a global workforce transformation solutions provider of training, digital learning solutions, management consulting and engineering services. GP Strategies' solutions improve the effectiveness of organizations by delivering innovative and superior training, consulting and business improvement services, customized to meet the specific needs of its clients. Clients??include Fortune 500 companies, automotive, financial services, technology, and other commercial and government customers.
Built on talent, technology, and trust, Grace is a leading global specialty chemical company. The company?€?s two industry-leading business segments?€?Catalysts Technologies and Materials Technologies?€?provide innovative products, technologies, and services that enhance the products and processes of our customers around the world. With approximately 4,000 employees, Grace operates and/or sells to customers in over 60 countries.
Graybug Vision Inc
Green Brick Partners, Inc. is a diversified homebuilding and land development company. Green Brick owns five homebuilders in Dallas, Texas (CB JENI Homes, Normandy Homes, Southgate Homes, Trophy Signature Homes), as well as a controlling interest in homebuilders in Atlanta, Georgia (The Providence Group), Port St. Lucie, Florida (GHO Homes), and Dallas, Texas (Centre Living Homes). Green Brick also owns a noncontrolling interest in Challenger Homes in Colorado Springs, Colorado and retains interests in related financial services platforms, including Green Brick Title, Providence Group Title, BHome Mortgage, and Green Brick Mortgage. The Company is engaged in all aspects of the homebuilding process, including land acquisition and development, entitlements, design, construction, marketing, and sales for its residential neighborhoods and master planned communities.
Founded in 1933, The Gorman-Rupp Company is a leading designer, manufacturer and international marketer of pumps and pump systems for use in diverse water, wastewater, construction, dewatering, industrial, petroleum, original equipment, agriculture, fire protection, heating, ventilating and air conditioning (HVAC), military and other liquid-handling applications.

Greencity Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Ord & 1 Red Wt
Greencity Acquisition Corp
Grifols, S.A., a specialty biopharmaceutical company, develops, manufactures, and distributes plasma derivative products in the United States, Canada, Spain, rest of the European Union, and internationally. It specializes in providing infusion solutions, nutrition products, medical devices, diagnostic instrumentation, and reagents for use in hospitals and clinics. The company operates through four segments: Bioscience, Diagnostic, Hospital, and Raw Materials and Others. The Bioscience segment manufactures plasma derivatives for therapeutic use, including the reception, analysis, quarantine, classification, fractionation, and purification of plasma; and sells and distributes end products. It offers plasma products, which include IVIG, Factor VIII, A1PI, and albumin; and intramuscular immunoglobulins, ATIII, Factor IX, and plasma thromboplastin components. The Diagnostic segment focuses on researching, developing, manufacturing, and marketing in vitro diagnostics products, including analytical instruments, reagents, and software for use in diagnostic and blood bank laboratories. It serves blood donation centers, clinical analysis laboratories, and hospital immunohematology services. The Hospital segment manufactures and installs products used by and in hospitals, such as parenteral solutions, and enteral and parenteral nutritional fluids. The Raw Materials and Others segment sells intermediate biological products; and renders manufacturing services to third party companies. The company also offers engineering services. Its products and services are used by healthcare providers to diagnose and treat patients with hemophilia, immune deficiencies, infectious diseases, and other medical conditions. The company serves hospitals and clinics, group purchasing organizations, governments, and other distributors through sales representatives, marketing partners, and third-party distributors. Grifols, S.A. was founded in 1940 and is headquartered in Barcelona, Spain.
Griffin Land & Nurseries, Inc. (Griffin) along its subsidiaries is engaged in real estate business and a landscape nursery business. Griffin operates in two segments: real estate business and landscape nursery businesses. Griffin's real estate division, Griffin Land, builds, leases and manages commercial and industrial properties and plans residential subdivisions on its land in Connecticut, Massachusetts and Pennsylvania. Imperial Nurseries, Inc (Imperial), Griffin's subsidiary in the landscape nursery segment, is engaged in growing plants in containers, which are sold principally to independent retail garden centers, rewholesalers, mass merchandisers, home centers and landscape contractors. In November 2013, Griffin Land & Nurseries, Inc announced that a subsidiary of its real estate business, Griffin Land, LLC closed the sale of approximately 90 acres of undeveloped land.
Muscle Maker Inc
Grindrod Shipping owns and operates a diversified fleet of owned and long-term and short-term chartered-in drybulk vessels and product tankers. The drybulk business, which operates under the brand ?€?Island View Shipping?€? (?€?IVS?€?) includes a fleet of 16 handysize drybulk carriers and 15 supramax/ultramax drybulk carriers on the water with one chartered-in ultramax drybulk carrier under construction in Japan due to be delivered between 3Q 2020 and 1Q 2021. The tanker business, which operates under the brand ?€?Unicorn Shipping?€? (?€?Unicorn?€?) includes a fleet of three medium range tankers and one small tanker. The Company is based in Singapore, with offices in London, Durban, Tokyo, Cape Town and Rotterdam. Grindrod Shipping is listed on NASDAQ under the ticker ?€?GRIN?€? and on the JSE under the ticker ?€?GSH?€?.
Garmin International, Inc. is a subsidiary of Garmin Ltd.. Garmin Ltd. is incorporated in Switzerland, and its principal subsidiaries are located in the United States, Taiwan and the United Kingdom. Garmin and G3000 are registered trademarks and Autonomi is a trademark of Garmin Ltd. or its subsidiaries. All other brands, product names, company names, trademarks and service marks are the properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Greenpro Capital Corp

GreenVision Acquisition Corp Rt 06012021
Greenvision Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Com & 1 Wt Exp 10282024
GreenVision Acquisition Corp Wt Exp 10282024
U.S. Global Investors, Inc. (U.S. Global) is an investment adviser. U.S. Global and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the business of providing investment advisory and other services to the United States Global Investors Funds (USGIF or the Funds), a Delaware statutory trust, as well as offshore clients. USGIF is an investment company offering shares of 13 mutual funds on a no-load basis. As part of the mutual fund management business, the Company provides investment advisory services; transfer agency and record keeping services; distribution services, and administrative services to mutual funds advised by the Company. The fees from investment advisory and transfer agent services, as well as investment income, are the primary sources of the Company's revenue. In addition to providing management and advisory services, it is engaged in trading for its own account. In April 2013, it acquired a 50% interest in Galileo Global Equity Advisors Inc.
Granite Real Estate Investment Trust Stapled Unit
Groupon is an experiences marketplace that brings people more ways to get the most out of their city or wherever they may be. By enabling real-time mobile commerce across local businesses, live events and travel destinations, Groupon helps people find and discover experiences?€??€?big and small, new and familiar?€??€?that make for a full, fun and rewarding life. Groupon helps local businesses grow and strengthen customer relationships?€??€?resulting in strong, vibrant communities.

Gores Holdings V Inc Unit 1 Cl A & 15 Wt Exp 08102027
Gores Holdings V Inc - Warrants (01/01/9999)
Gritstone Oncology Inc - Ordinary Shares
Galera Therapeutics Inc
GrubHub Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides an online and mobile platform for restaurant pick-up and delivery orders in the United States. The company connects approximately 30,000 local restaurants with diners in approximately 800 cities. It operates GrubHub and Seamless Websites through grubhub.com and seamless.com. The company also offers GrubHub and Seamless mobile applications and mobile Websites for iPhone, iPad, and Android devices; and Seamless Corporate program that helps businesses address inefficiencies in food ordering and associated billing. In addition, it provides Allmenus.com and MenuPages, which provide an aggregated database of approximately 310,000 menus from restaurants in 50 states; OrderHub and Boost tools that allows it to monitor orders through the takeout process; and Website design and hosting services for restaurants, as well as delivery services for restaurants on its platform. The company was formerly known as GrubHub Seamless Inc. and changed its name to GrubHub Inc. in February 2014. GrubHub Inc. is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
Established in April 2000, the quickening period of Korea?€?s online game industry, Gravity has been leading the golden age of online and mobile games. Gravity is the only game company in Korea that is directly listed on the NASDAQ. Gravity is servicing games of various genres in Korea and abroad on the basis of the Ragnarok IPs, such as of ?€?Ragnarok Online,?€? which is a PC MMORPG with the largest user base in the world, ?€?Ragnarok M: Abyss Awakening,?€? and ?€?Assault! Ragnarok,?€? which are mobile MMORPGs, and ?€?Ragnarok Tactics,?€? which is an SPRG. Having recently released ?€?Ragnarok Origin,?€? a mobile MMORPG, in the Korean market, Gravity is on the fast track by climbing to a high sales ranking in the top two game markets. Based on its powerful global network established through the success of ?€?Ragnarok Online,?€? Gravity is also promoting the global publishing business to develop and distribute a range of platform and genre games as well as games using Ragnarok IPs.
GrowGen owns and operates specialty retail hydroponic and organic gardening stores. Currently, GrowGen has 36 stores, which include 5 locations in Colorado, 10 locations in California, 2 locations in Nevada, 1 location in Arizona, 1 location in Washington, 6 locations in Michigan, 1 ??location in Rhode Island, 4 locations in Oklahoma, 2 locations in Oregon, 3 locations in Maine and 1 location in Florida. GrowGen also operates an online superstore for cultivators at growgeneration.com. GrowGen carries and sells thousands of products, including organic??nutrients and soils, advanced lighting technology and state of the art hydroponic equipment to be used indoors and outdoors by commercial and home growers. Our mission is to own and operate GrowGeneration branded stores in all the major states in the U.S. and Canada. Management estimates that roughly 1,000 hydroponic stores are in operation in the U.S. By 2025, the global hydroponics system market is estimated to reach approximately $16 billion. Forward Looking Statements: This press release may include predictions, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking within the meaning of applicable securities laws.
Gabelli Healthcare Preferred Series B
Merchant Banking Division?€?s Private Credit Group has been a leading investor in private credit for over 20 years and has raised over $80 billion. Senior Credit Partners II is the fifteenth commingled corporate credit vehicle managed by MBD since 1996. In December 2018, Goldman Sachs?€? private debt investing businesses were ranked first in Private Debt Investor?€?s ?€?PDI 50,?€? which ranks managers by total capital raised over the last five years. About Goldman Sachs Merchant Banking Division MBD is the primary center for Goldman Sachs?€? long term principal investing activity, investing in equity and credit across corporate, real estate and infrastructure strategies. MBD is the primary center for Goldman Sachs?€? long term principal investing activity, investing in equity and credit across corporate, real estate and infrastructure strategies. Since its founding over 25 years ago, MBD has invested over $200 billion across these strategies. With nine offices in six countries around the world, MBD is one of the largest managers of private capital globally, offering deep expertise and long-standing relationships with companies, investors, entrepreneurs and financial intermediaries around the world. About Goldman Sachs The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (The) Depositary Shares Series A
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (The) Depositary Share repstg 1/1000th Preferred Series C
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (The) Dep Shs repstg 1/1000 Pfd Ser D Fltg
Goldman Sachs Group Inc Depositary Shs Repstg 1/1000th Pfd Ser J Fixed to Fltg Rate
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (The) Dep Shs Repstg 1/1000 Int Sh Fxd/Fltg Non Cum Pfd Stk Ser K
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (The) Depositary Shares Series N
GS Acquisition Holdings Corp. Class A
GS Acquisition Holdings Corp. Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50
Globalstar is a leading provider of customizable Satellite IoT Solutions for customers around the world in industries such as oil and gas, transportation, emergency management, government, maritime and outdoor recreation. A pioneer of mobile satellite voice and data services, Globalstar allows businesses to streamline operations by connecting people to their devices, supplying personal safety and communication, and automating data to more easily monitor and manage mobile assets via the Globalstar Satellite Network. The Company's Commercial IoT product portfolio includes the industry-acclaimed SmartOne asset tracking products, Simplex satellite transmitters, and the SPOT?? product line of personal safety, asset and communication devices, all supported on SPOT My Globalstar, a robust cloud-based back office solution. Completing the satellite product suite are Duplex satellite data modems, the innovative Sat-Fi2 satellite Wi-Fi hotspot, with all product solutions offering a variety of data service plans.
Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (Bancorp) is a bank holding company and a financial holding company and parent of Great Southern Bank (Great Southern or the Bank). Through the Bank and subsidiaries of the Bank, the Company offers insurance, travel, investment and related services. The Bank offers a range of banking services through its 104 banking centers located in southern and central Missouri; the Kansas City, Missouri area; the St. Louis, Missouri area; eastern Kansas; northwestern Arkansas; eastern Nebraska, and western and central Iowa. The Bank is principally engaged in the business of originating residential and commercial real estate loans, construction loans, other commercial loans and consumer loans and funding these loans by attracting deposits from the general public, originating brokered deposits and borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines (the FHLBank) and others.
Goldman Sachs BDC Inc Shs
Guangshen Railway Company Limited is engaged in the railroad passenger and freight transportation business in the People??s Republic of China. The company??s passenger transportation services include the operation of Guangzhou-Shenzhen inter-city express trains, long-distance trains, and Through Trains in Hong Kong. Its freight transportation services comprise the transportation of full load and single load cargo, containers, bulky and overweight cargo, dangerous cargo, fresh and live cargo, and oversized cargo. The company also provides railway network usage and services comprising the locomotive traction, track usage, vehicle coupling, electric catenary usage, and other services; and other transportation-related services, such as railway operation services, locomotive, leasing, passenger car fueling, parcel transportation, and other transportation services, as well as sells food, beverages, and merchandise on board the trains and in railway stations. In addition, it is involved in train repair, materials and supplies sale, on-board catering, goods sale, labor services provision, loading and unloading, and other businesses related to railway transportation, as well as offers warehousing, hotel management, travel agency, packaging agency, and catering management services. Further, the company is engaged in property management activities; and the supervision of construction projects. As of December 31, 2013, the company operated 229 pairs of passenger trains on a daily basis, including 105 pairs of intercity high-speed passenger trains between Guangzhou and Shenzhen, 13 pairs of Hong Kong Through Trains, and 111 pairs of long-distance trains. Guangshen Railway Company Limited was founded in 1996 and is based in Shenzhen, People??s Republic of China.
Goosehead Insurance Inc
The Fund seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing at least 80% of its assets (exclusive of collateral held from securities lending) in securities included in its underlying index.  The Index is a rules-based index that is designed to measure the performance of investment grade, corporate bonds denominated in U.S. dollars (?€?USD?€?) with remaining maturities between one and five years that meet certain liquidity and fundamental screening criteria.  As of June 5, 2020, there were 1,998 constituents in the Index and the Index had a weighted average maturity of 3.03 years.  The Index is a custom index that is owned and calculated by FTSE Fixed Income LLC (?€?FTSE?€?), a trading name of the London Stock Exchange Group plc and its group undertakings (collectively, the ?€?LSE Group?€? or the ?€?Index Provider?€?). The Index is based on the FTSE US Broad Investment-Grade (USBIG??)??Corporate Bond Index (the ?€?Reference Index?€?) using concepts developed with Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. (the ?€?Investment Adviser?€? or ?€?GSAM?€?).  Given the Fund?€?s investment objective of attempting to track the Index, the Fund does not follow traditional methods of active investment management, which may involve buying and selling securities based upon analysis of economic and market factors.  The Index Provider constructs the Index in accordance with a rules-based methodology that involves two steps.  Step 1  In the first step, the Index Provider defines a universe of potential Index constituents (the ?€?Universe?€?) by applying specified criteria to the constituents of the Reference Index. The Reference Index includes investment grade corporate bonds that have a minimum of a minimum of one year to maturity and are rated at least BBB- by Standard??& Poor?€?s Ratings Services (?€?S&P?€?) or Baa3 by Moody?€?s Investors Service, Inc. (?€?Moody?€?s?€?). Only corporate bond constituents of the Reference Index that have a minimum of $250 million outstanding, remaining maturities between one and five years, and from issuers with at least two eligible bonds outstanding are included in the Universe. A maturity bucketing process is used to approximate the average effective duration of constituents of the Reference Index with remaining maturities between one and five years.  Step 2  In the second step, the Index Provider applies a fundamental screen to the Universe. Issuers are first grouped into three broad industry groups: financials, industrials and utilities. Within each industry group, issuers are measured by two fundamental factors, operating margin and leverage, subject to certain exceptions. The Index Provider ranks each issuer based on the two fundamental factors, equally weighted. The Index is constructed by including the highest ranking eligible securities in each industry group, screening out lowest ranking eligible securities. An issuer weight cap is applied to each Index constituent.  The Index is rebalanced (i) monthly on the last business day of each month, to account for changes in maturities, duration, corporate actions or ratings migration, and (ii) quarterly, to account for updates to the constituents on the basis of the fundamental factors (as described above). The Investment Adviser uses a representative sampling strategy to manage the Fund. ?€?Representative sampling?€? is an indexing strategy in which the Fund invests in a representative sample of constituent securities that has a collective investment profile similar to that of the Index. The securities selected for investment by the Fund are expected to have, in the aggregate, investment characteristics, fundamental characteristics and liquidity measures similar to those of the Index. The Fund may or may not hold all of the securities in the Index.  The Fund may concentrate its investments (i.e., hold more than 25% of its total assets) in a particular industry or group of industries to the extent that the Index is concentrated. The degree to which components of the Index represent certain sectors or industries may change over time.
Founded in 1995,??GSI Technology, Inc.??is a leading provider of semiconductor memory solutions. GSI?€?s resources are currently focused on bringing new products to market that leverage existing core strengths, including radiation-hardened memory products for extreme environments and Gemini-1 ???, the associative processing unit designed to deliver performance advantages for diverse artificial intelligence applications. GSI Technology??is headquartered in??Sunnyvale, California??and has sales offices in the??Americas,??Europe??and Asia.
GlaxoSmithKline plc creates, discovers, develops, manufactures, and markets pharmaceutical products, including vaccines, over-the-counter medicines, and health-related consumer products worldwide. The company offers pharmaceutical products in the therapeutic areas, including respiratory, anti-virals, central nervous system, cardiovascular and urogenital, metabolic, anti-bacterials, and emesis, dermatology, rare diseases, immuno-inflammation, vaccines, and HIV. It also provides consumer healthcare products in wellness, oral health, nutrition, and skin health areas. The company??s wellness products include Panadol and Panadol Cold & Flu for headache, joint pain, fever, and cold symptoms; ENO and Tums that are immediate relief antacids; and Nicorette (US), Nicoderm, NiQuitin CQ, and Nicabate for the treatment of nicotine withdrawal as an aid to smoking reduction and cessation. Its oral health products comprise Sensodyne to treat and prevent dental sensitivity and acid erosion; Polident, Poligrip, and Corega to enhance comfort of fitted dentures and to clean dentures; and Aquafresh for the prevention of caries, gum disease, and bad breath. The company??s nutrition products include Horlicks, a nutritional beverages and food; and skin health products comprise Physiogel, a face and body care product for dry, sensitive, and irritated skin, as well as Zovirax and Abreva to treat and prevent the onset of cold sores. GlaxoSmithKline plc was founded in 1935 and is headquartered in Brentford, the United Kingdom.
GreenSky, Inc. is a leading technology company Powering Commerce at the Point of Sale ?? for a growing ecosystem of merchants, consumers and banks. Our highly scalable, proprietary technology platform enables merchants to offer frictionless promotional payment options to consumers, driving increased sales volume and accelerated cash flow. Banks leverage GreenSky?€?s technology to provide loans to super-prime and prime consumers nationwide. Since our inception, 3.4 million consumers have financed $25 billion of commerce using our paperless, real time "apply and buy" technology and the Company services a $9 billion+ loan portfolio. GreenSky is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.
Global Ship Lease is a leading independent owner of containerships with a diversified fleet of mid-sized and smaller containerships. Incorporated in the Marshall Islands, Global Ship Lease commenced operations in December 2007 with a business of owning and chartering out containerships under fixed-rate charters to top tier container liner companies. On November 15, 2018, it completed a strategic combination with Poseidon Containers. Global Ship Lease??owns 43 containerships, ranging from 2,207 to 11,040 TEU, with a total capacity of 245,280 TEU and an average age, weighted by TEU capacity, of 13.4 years as at??September 30, 2020. 25 ships are Post-Panamax, of which nine are fuel-efficient new-design wide-beam. Adjusted to include all charters agreed, and ships acquired or divested, up to??November 12, 2020, the average remaining term of the Company?€?s charters at??September 30, 2020, to the mid-point of redelivery, including options under the Company?€?s control, was 2.3 years on a TEU-weighted basis. Contracted revenue on the same basis was??$688.9 million. Contracted revenue was??$764.9 million, including options under charterers?€? control and with latest redelivery date, representing a weighted average remaining term of 2.6 years.
Global Ship Lease Inc. Depository Shares Series B
Global Ship Lease Inc. 8.00 Sr Nts 12312024
Globe Specialty Metals, Inc.??is a wholly-owned??U.S.??subsidiary of??Ferroglobe PLC, one of the world?€?s leading suppliers of silicon metal, silicon- and manganese- based specialty alloys and ferroalloys, serving a customer base across the globe in dynamic and fast-growing end markets, such as solar, automotive, consumer products, construction and energy. Through its subsidiaries, GSM owns metallurgical manufacturing facilities and other operations in Ohio,??West Virginia, New York, Alabama, Indiana, Florida and??Kentucky.

TKK Symphony Acquisition Corp - Warrants (20/02/2025)
Golden Star Resources Ltd. operates as a gold mining and exploration company. The company owns and operates the Wassa open-pit gold mine, the Wassa underground development project, and a carbon-in-leach processing plant located approximately 35 kilometers from the town of Bogoso in Ghana; and Bogoso gold mining and processing operation located near the town of Bogoso in Ghana. It also has a 90% interest in the Prestea Underground mine in Ghana; and holds interests in various gold exploration projects in Ghana and other parts of West Africa, and in South America, as well as holds and manages exploration properties in Brazil. Golden Star Resources Ltd. was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.
Greystone Digital Tch Inc

Gold Standard Ventures Corp. is an exploration-stage company. The Company is a precious metals exploration company. It is focused on district scale gold discoveries within Nevada. Its project includes Crescent Valley North Project (CVN), Safford (WFW) Project, Robinson Creek Project, Indian Creek Project, Railroad Project and Camp Douglas Project. The CVN Project is an early exploration-stage prospect located in Eureka County, Nevada, approximately 15 miles south-southwest of the town of Carlin and 35 miles southwest of Elko. Safford mineralization is consisted of silver and copper mineralization in shear zones and siliceous, baritic, sulfidic breccias. The Railroad Project is located within the northern Pinon Range about 30 miles southwest of Elko, Nevada. As of December 31, 2011, the Camp Douglas Project consists of 18 patented mineral claims, 277 unpatented mineral claims and one fee parcel totalling approximately 5,026 acres in the Walker Lane Trend in Mineral County, Nevada.
GSX is a technology-driven education company and leading online K-12 large-class after-school tutoring service provider in China. GSX offers K-12 courses covering all primary and secondary grades through the brand Gaotuketang as well as foreign language, professional and interest courses through the brand Genshuixue. GSX adopts an online live large-class format to deliver its courses, which the Company believes is the most effective and scalable model to disseminate scarce high-quality teaching resources to aspiring students in China. Big data analytics permeates each aspect of the Company's business and facilitates the application of the latest technology to improve teaching delivery, student learning experience, and operational efficiency. About Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Company uses gross billings, non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations and non-GAAP net income (loss), each a non-GAAP financial measure, in evaluating its operating results and for financial and operational decision-making purposes. The Company defines gross billings for a specific period as the total amount of cash received for the sale of course offerings in such period, net of the total amount of refunds in such period. The Company's management uses gross billings as a performance measurement because the Company generally bills its students for the entire course fee at the time of sale of its course offerings and recognizes revenue proportionally as the classes are delivered over usually no more than 60 classes for K-12 courses. For some courses, the Company continues to provide students with 12 months to 36 months access to the pre-recorded audio-video courses after the online live courses are delivered. The Company believes that gross billings provides valuable insight into the sales of its course packages and the performance of its business. As gross billings have material limitations as an analytical metrics and may not be calculated in the same manner by all companies, it may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies. Non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations and non-GAAP net income (loss) exclude share-based compensation expenses, and such adjustment excludes the impact on income tax. GSX believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding its performance and liquidity by excluding share-based expenses that may not be indicative of its operating performance from a cash perspective. GSX believes that both management and investors benefit from these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing its performance and when planning and forecasting future periods. These non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate management's internal comparisons to GSX's historical performance. A limitation of using non-GAAP measures is that these non-GAAP measures exclude share-based compensation charges that have been and will continue to be for the foreseeable future a significant recurring expense in the Company's business. The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. For more information on these non-GAAP financial measures, please see the table captioned "Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures" set forth at the end of this release. The accompanying tables have more details on the reconciliations between GAAP financial measures that are most directly comparable to non-GAAP financial measures. Exchange Rate The Company's business is primarily conducted in China and the significant majority of revenues generated are denominated in Renminbi ("RMB"). This announcement contains currency conversions of RMB amounts into U.S. dollars ("USD") solely for the convenience of the reader. Unless otherwise noted, all translations from RMB to USD are made at a rate of RMB6.7896 to USD1.00, the effective noon buying rate for September 30, 2020 as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted, realized or settled into USD at that rate on September 30, 2020, or at any other rate.
Goodyear is one of the world's largest tire companies. It employs about 62,000 people and manufactures its products in 46 facilities in 21 countries around the world. Its two Innovation Centers in Akron, Ohio, and Colmar-Berg, Luxembourg, strive to develop state-of-the-art products and services that set the technology and performance standard for the industry.
World Surveillance Group Inc., formerly Sanswire Corp., designs, develops and markets, and focuses to sell, autonomous lighter-than-air (LTA) unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) capable of carrying payloads, which provides security and/or wireless communications from air to ground solutions at low, mid and high altitudes. The Company's airships, when integrated with electronics systems and other high technology payloads, are designed for use by government-related and commercial entities, which require real-time intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance or communications support for military, homeland defense, border control, drug interdiction, natural disaster relief and maritime missions. On May 25, 2011, the completed the acquisition of Global Telesat Corp (GTC).
Greenland Acquisition Corp - Ordinary Shares
Gates is a global manufacturer of innovative, highly engineered power transmission and fluid power solutions. Gates offers a broad portfolio of products to diverse replacement channel customers, and to original equipment ("first-fit") manufacturers as specified components. Gates participates in many sectors of the industrial and consumer markets. Our products play essential roles in a diverse range of applications across a wide variety of end markets ranging from harsh and hazardous industries such as agriculture, construction, manufacturing and energy, to everyday consumer applications such as printers, power washers, automatic doors and vacuum cleaners and virtually every form of transportation. Our products are sold in more than 120 countries across our four commercial regions: the Americas; Europe, Middle East & Africa ; Greater China ; and East Asia & India.
Genetron Holdings Ltd ADS
G1 Therapeutics, Inc.??is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and delivery of next generation therapies that improve the lives of those affected by cancer. The company is developing and advancing two novel therapies: trilaciclib is a first-in-class therapy designed to improve outcomes for patients being treated with chemotherapy; rintodestrant is a potential best-in-class oral selective estrogen receptor degrader (SERD) for the treatment of ER+ breast cancer. In 2020, the company out-licensed global development and commercialization rights to its differentiated oral CDK4/6 inhibitor, lerociclib.
Good Times Restaurants Inc. (GTIM) owns, operates, franchises and licenses 39 Bad Daddy?€?s Burger Bar restaurants through its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Bad Daddy?€?s Burger Bar is a full-service ?€?small box?€? restaurant concept featuring a chef-driven menu of gourmet signature burgers, chopped salads, appetizers and sandwiches with a full bar and a focus on a selection of local and craft beers in a high energy atmosphere that appeals to a broad consumer base. Additionally, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Good Times Restaurants Inc. operates and franchises a regional quick service restaurant chain consisting of 33 Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard restaurants, located primarily in Colorado. Good Times Forward Looking Statements: This press release contains forward looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. The words ?€?intend,?€? ?€?may,?€? ?€?believe,?€? ?€?will,?€? ?€?should,?€? ?€?anticipate,?€? ?€?expect,?€? ?€?seek?€? and similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements.
Chart Industries, Inc. manufactures and sells engineered equipment for the industrial gas, energy, and biomedical industries worldwide. The company operates in three segments: Energy & Chemicals (E&C), Distribution & Storage (D&S), and BioMedical. The E&C segment primarily provides brazed aluminum heat exchangers, Core-in-Kettle heat exchangers, air cooled heat exchangers, and cold boxes for natural gas processing, liquefied natural gas (LNG), and industrial gas applications. The D&S segment designs, manufactures, services, and maintains bulk and packaged gas cryogenic solutions for the storage, distribution, vaporization, and application of industrial gases; and offer cryogenic components, including vacuum insulated pipe, engineered bulk gas installations, specialty liquid nitrogen, end-use equipment, and cryogenic flow meters. This segment also supplies cryogenic trailers, ISO containers, railcars, bulk storage tanks, fuel stations, loading facilities, and regasification equipment for delivering LNG into virtual pipeline application; and large vacuum insulated storage tanks as optional equipment for purchasers of standard liquefaction plants. The BioMedical Segment offers respiratory oxygen product line that comprises medical respiratory products, including liquid oxygen systems and stationary, transportable, and portable oxygen concentrators, which are primarily used for the in-home supplemental oxygen treatment of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases, such as bronchitis, emphysema, and asthma. This segment also provides vacuum insulated containment vessels for storing biological materials; and commercial oxygen generation systems that consist of self-contained and standard generators, and packaged systems for industrial and medical oxygen generating systems. Chart Industries, Inc. was incorporated in 1992 and is headquartered in Garfield Heights, Ohio.
Gray currently owns and/or operates television stations and leading digital properties in 94 television markets that collectively reach approximately 24 percent of US television households. Over calendar year 2019, Gray?€?s stations were ranked first in 69 markets, and first or second in 87 markets, as calculated by Comscore?€?s audience measurement service. Gray also owns video program production, marketing, and digital businesses including Raycom Sports, Tupelo-Raycom, and RTM Studios, the producer of PowerNation programs and content.
Gray Television, Inc., a television broadcast company, owns and/or operates television stations and digital assets in the United States. The company owns and operates television stations in 44 television markets broadcasting 140 program streams comprising 76 affiliates of the Big Four networks, such as ABC, CBS, NBC, and FOX. Its stations include 26 channels affiliated with the CBS Network, 24 channels affiliated with the NBC Network, 16 channels affiliated with the ABC Network, and 10 channels affiliated with the FOX Network. The company was formerly known as Gray Communications Systems, Inc. and changed its name to Gray Television, Inc. in August 2002. Gray Television, Inc. was founded in 1897 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.
Triple-S Management Corporation is a healthcare company and one of the top??players in the Puerto Rico healthcare industry, with over 60 years of experience??as the premier brand serving more people through the most attractive provider networks on the island. We have the exclusive right to use the Blue Cross Blue Shield name and mark throughout Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Costa Rica, the British Virgin Islands and Anguilla, and we offer a broad portfolio of managed care and related products in the Commercial, Medicare Advantage and Medicaid markets. Triple-S is also a well-known brand in the life insurance and property and casualty insurance markets in Puerto Rico, with strong customer relationships and a significant market share.
GTT Communications, Inc. operates as an Internet Protocol (IP) based networking company. It offers private, public, and hybrid cloud networking; high bandwidth IP transit for content delivery and hosting applications; on-demand and high-demand network capacity to support varying needs; and network-to-network carrier interconnects. The company??s network consists of layer 2 switched Ethernet mesh network, as well as IP transit/Internet access through approximately 250 points of presence. GTT Communications, Inc. markets its products and services through a direct sales force and independent sales channels. As of December 31, 2014, it served approximately 4,000 businesses in the United States, Italy, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company was formerly known as Global Telecom & Technology, Inc. and changed its name to GTT Communications, Inc. in January 2014. GTT Communications, Inc. was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in McLean, Virginia.
Getty Realty Corp. is the leading publicly traded real estate investment trust in the United States specializing in the ownership, leasing and financing of convenience store and gasoline station properties. As of June 30, 2020, the Company owned 887 properties and leased 59 properties from third-party landlords in 35 states across the United States and Washington, D.C.
GTY Technology Holdings Inc. (?€?GTY?€?) brings leading public sector technology companies together to achieve a new standard in stakeholder engagement and resource management. Through its six business units, GTY offers an intuitive cloud-based suite of solutions for state and local governments, education institutions, and healthcare organizations spanning functions in procurement, payments, grant management, budgeting, and permitting: Bonfire provides strategic sourcing and procurement software to enable confident and compliant spending decisions; CityBase provides government payment solutions to connect constituents with utilities and government agencies; eCivis offers a grant management system to maximize grant revenues and track performance; OpenCounter provides government payment software to guide applicants through complex permitting and licensing procedures; Questica offers budget preparation and management software to deliver on financial and non-financial strategic objectives; Sherpa provides public sector budgeting software and consulting services.
Gulf Resources, Inc. operates through three wholly-owned subsidiaries, Shouguang City Haoyuan Chemical Company Limited ("SCHC"), Shouguang Yuxin Chemical Industry Co., Limited ("SYCI"), and Daying County Haoyuan Chemical Company Limited (?€?DCHC?€?). The Company believes that it is one of the largest producers of bromine in China. Elemental Bromine is used to manufacture a wide variety of compounds utilized in industry and agriculture. Through SYCI, the Company manufactures chemical products utilized in a variety of applications, including oil and gas field explorations and papermaking chemical agents, and materials for human and animal antibiotics. DCHC was established to further explore and develop natural gas and brine resources (including bromine and crude salt) in China.
Gabelli Utility Trust (The) 5.625% Series A Cumulative Preferred Shares
Gabelli Utility Trust (The) 5.375% Series C Cumulative Preferred Shares
Goldfield is a leading provider of electrical construction services engaged in the construction of electrical infrastructure for the utility industry and industrial customers, primarily in the Southeast, mid-Atlantic and Texas-Southwest regions of the United States.
Granite Construction Incorporated is a diversified heavy civil contractors and construction materials producers in the United States. The Company operates in four segments: Construction, Large Project Construction, Construction Materials and Real Estate. The Company operates nationwide, serving both public and private sector clients. Within the public sector, it primarily concentrates on heavy-civil infrastructure projects, including the construction of roads, highways, mass transit facilities, airport infrastructure, bridges, dams and other infrastructure related projects. Within the private sector, it performs site preparation and infrastructure services for residential development, commercial and industrial buildings, and other facilities. It also has contractor-owned heavy construction equipment fleets in the United States. In December 2012, it purchased 100% interest of Kenny Construction Company (Kenny).
GSE Systems, Inc. (GSE Systems) is engaged in providing simulation, educational, and engineering solutions and services to the nuclear and fossil electric utility industry and the chemical and petrochemical industries. The Simulation business provides consulting and engineering services to help users plan, design, implement, and manage/support simulation and control systems. Services include application engineering, project management, training, site services, maintenance contracts and repair. As of December 31, 2011, GSE Systems was the parent company of GSE Power Systems, Inc., GSE Power Systems, AB, GSE Engineering Systems (Beijing) Co. Ltd., GSE Systems Ltd., TAS Engineering Consultants Ltd., GSE EnVision, Inc. and EnVision Systems (India) Pvt. Ltd. and has a 10% minority interest in Emirates Simulation Academy, LLC. On January 4, 2011, the Company completed the acquisition of EnVision Systems, Inc.
Good Works Acquisition Corp
Great Western Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for Great Western Bank, a full-service regional bank focused on relationship-based business and agribusiness banking. Great Western Bank offers small and mid-sized businesses a focused suite of financial products and a range of deposit and loan products to retail customers through several channels, including the branch network, online banking system, mobile banking applications and customer care centers. The bank services its customers through more than 170 branches in nine states: Arizona, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota.
GWG Holdings, Inc. is an innovative financial services firm based in Dallas, Texas that is a leader in providing investments that are non-correlated to the traded markets, and unique liquidity solutions and services for the owners of illiquid investments. Through its subsidiaries, The Beneficient Company Group, L.P. and GWG Life, LLC, GWGH owns and manages a diverse portfolio of alternative assets that, as of September??30, 2020, included $1.9 billion in life insurance policy benefits, and exposure to a diversified and growing loan portfolio secured by 122 professionally managed alternative investment funds.
GW Pharmaceuticals (GW), and U.S. subsidiary Greenwich Biosciences, is a UK-based global biopharmaceutical company that has established a world-leading position in cannabinoid science and medicine. Founded over two decades ago in response to significant unmet patient need, patients remain our key focus and improving their quality of life, our motivation. GW?€?s pioneering work has led to the regulatory approval of world first, potentially life improving, cannabis-based medicines. Our continued dedication has resulted in the treatment of thousands of patients with our medicines around the world.
Guidewire is the platform P&C insurers trust to engage, innovate, and grow efficiently. ?€?We combine digital, core, analytics, and AI to deliver our platform as a cloud service. More than 400 insurers, from new ventures to the largest and most complex in the world, run on Guidewire. As a partner to our customers, we continually evolve to enable their success. We are proud of our unparalleled implementation track record, with 1,000+ successful projects, supported by the largest R&D team and partner ecosystem in the industry. Our marketplace provides hundreds of applications that accelerate integration, localization, and innovation.
Global Water Resources, Inc. is a leading water resource management company that owns and operates 14 utilities which provide water, wastewater, and recycled water services. The company?€?s service areas are located primarily in growth corridors around metropolitan Phoenix. Global Water recycles nearly 1 billion gallons of water annually. The company has been recognized for its highly-effective implementation of Total Water Management (TWM). TWM is an integrated approach to managing the entire water cycle by owning and operating water, wastewater and recycled water utilities within the same geographic area in order to maximize the beneficial use of recycled water. TWM includes additional smart water management programs such as remote metering infrastructure and other advanced technologies, rate designs, and incentives that result in real conservation. TWM helps protect water supplies in water-scarce areas experiencing population growth.
W.W. Grainger, Inc., with 2019 sales of $11.5 billion, is North America's leading broad line supplier of maintenance, repair and operating (MRO) products, with operations primarily in North America, Japan and Europe. SOURCE W.W. Grainger, Inc. Related Links http://www.grainger.com

Gx Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Ord share Class A & 12 Wrt
GX Acquisiton Corp. Warrant
No Description Available
Gyrodyne Company of America, Inc. (Gyrodyne) is a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company's primary business is the investment in and the acquisition, ownership and management of a geographically diverse portfolio of medical office and industrial properties and development of industrial and residential properties. As of December 31, 2011, it had 100% ownership in three medical office parks comprising approximately 131,000 rentable square feet and a multitenant industrial park comprising 128,141 rentable square feet. In addition, the Company has approximately 68 acres of property in St. James, New York and an approximate 9.32% limited partnership interest in a limited partnership which owns an undeveloped Florida property, the Grove. As of December 31, 2011, Gyrodyne owns and manages 139,000 square feet of medical office space, all of which is occupied, with properties in the suburbs of New York City and Washington, DC.
Hyatt Hotels Corporation, headquartered in Chicago, is a leading global hospitality company offering 21 premier brands. As of June 30, 2020, the Company's portfolio included more than 900 hotel, all-inclusive, and wellness resort properties in 65 countries across six continents. The Company's purpose to care for people so they can be their best informs its business decisions and growth strategy and is intended to attract and retain top employees, build relationships with guests and create value for shareholders. The Company's subsidiaries develop, own, operate, manage, franchise, license or provide services to hotels, resorts, branded residences, vacation ownership properties, and fitness and spa locations, including under the Park Hyatt??, Miraval??, Grand Hyatt??, Alila??, Andaz??, The Unbound Collection by Hyatt??, Destination??, Hyatt Regency??, Hyatt??, Hyatt Ziva???, Hyatt Zilara???, Thompson Hotels??, Hyatt Centric??, Caption by Hyatt, Joie de Vivre??, Hyatt House??, Hyatt Place??, tommie???, UrCove, Hyatt Residence Club?? and Exhale?? brand names, and operates the World of Hyatt?? loyalty program that provides distinct benefits and exclusive experiences to its valued members.
Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (Holdings), is a holding company whose primary asset is the sole ownership of all issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. (Hawaiian). Hawaiian is engaged in the scheduled air transportation of passengers and cargo amongst the Hawaiian Islands (the interisland routes), between the Hawaiian Islands and certain cities in the United States (the North America routes), and between the Hawaiian Islands and the South Pacific, Australia and Asia (the the International routes). In addition, Hawaiian also operates various charter flights. At December 31, 2011, Hawaiian's fleet consisted of sixteen Boeing 717-200 aircraft for its Neighbor Island routes and sixteen Boeing 767-300 aircraft and five Airbus A330-200 aircraft for its North America, International and charter routes. At December 31, 2011, it operated approximately 187 scheduled flights per day.
Health Assurance Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/4 War)
Hamilton Bancorp Inc Fla
Haemonetics is a global healthcare company dedicated to providing a suite of innovative hematology products and solutions for customers, to help them improve patient care and reduce the cost of healthcare. Our technology addresses important medical markets: blood and plasma component collection, the surgical suite and hospital transfusion services.
Financial Corporation Headquartered in Los Angeles, California, Hanmi Financial Corporation owns Hanmi Bank, which serves multi-ethnic communities through its network of 35 full-service branches and 9 loan production offices in California, Texas, Illinois, Virginia, New Jersey, New York, Colorado, Washington and Georgia. Hanmi Bank specializes in real estate, commercial, SBA and trade finance lending to small and middle market businesses.
The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. manufactures, markets, distributes and sells natural and organic products under brand names, which are sold as better-for-you products. It is engaged in natural and organic products categories, with brands such as Earth's Best, Celestial Seasonings, Terra, Garden of Eatin', Sensible Portions, Rice Dream, Soy Dream and Almond Dream. It operates in three segments: the United States, the United Kingdom, which covers the United Kingdom and Ireland, and Rest of World. In May 2013, The Hain Celestial Group Inc announced that the acquisition of Ella's Kitchen Group Limited and the formation of the Global Infant, Toddler & Kids Division under Hain Celestial United States.
Founded in 1919, Halliburton is one of the world's largest providers of products and services to the energy industry. With more than 40,000 employees, representing 140 nationalities in more than 80 countries, the company helps its customers maximize value throughout the lifecycle of the reservoir ?€? from locating hydrocarbons and managing geological data, to drilling and formation evaluation, well construction and completion, and optimizing production throughout the life of the asset. Visit the company?€?s website at www.halliburton.com. Connect with Halliburton on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and YouTube.
Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (Hallmark) is an insurance holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company operates as a diversified property/casualty insurance company that serves businesses and individuals. It offers standard commercial insurance, specialty commercial insurance and personal insurance in selected market subcategories that are characteristically low-severity and short-tailed risks. It markets, distributes, underwrites and services its property/casualty insurance products through six operating units: Standard Commercial Workers Comp business unit, E&S Commercial business unit , General Aviation business unit , Excess & Umbrella business unit, and Personal Lines business unit . The Workers Comp business unit was acquired on July 1, 2011.
Halozyme Therapeutics is a biotechnology company focused on novel biological and drug delivery approaches. Halozyme's proprietary enzyme rHuPH20 is used to facilitate the delivery of injected drugs and fluids and potentially reduce the treatment burden of other drugs to patients. Halozyme has licensed its rHuPH20 technology, called ENHANZE ??, to leading pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies including Roche, Baxalta, Pfizer, Janssen, AbbVie, Lilly, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Alexion and argenx. Halozyme derives revenues from these collaborations in the form of milestones and royalties as the Company's partners make progress developing and commercializing their products being developed with ENHANZE ??. Halozyme is headquartered in San Diego. SOURCE Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. Related Links http://www.halozyme.com
Happiness Biotech Group Ltd
Harpoon Therapeutics Inc - Ordinary Shares
Hasbro is a global play and entertainment company committed to Creating the World's Best Play and Entertainment Experiences. From toys, games and consumer products to television, movies, digital gaming, live action, music, and virtual reality experiences, Hasbro connects to global audiences by bringing to life great innovations, stories and brands across established and inventive platforms. Hasbro?€?s iconic brands include NERF, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MY LITTLE PONY, TRANSFORMERS, PLAY-DOH, MONOPOLY, BABY ALIVE, POWER RANGERS, PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS, as well as premier partner brands. Through its global entertainment studio, eOne, Hasbro is building its brands globally through great storytelling and content on all screens. Hasbro is committed to making the world a better place for all children and all families through corporate social responsibility and philanthropy. Hasbro ranked among the 2020 100 Best Corporate Citizens by 3BL Media and has been named one of the World?€?s Most Ethical Companies?? by Ethisphere Institute for the past nine years.
Hannon Armstrong is the first U.S. public company solely dedicated to investments in climate change solutions, providing capital to leading companies in energy efficiency, renewable energy, and other sustainable infrastructure markets. With more than $6 billion in managed assets as of June 30, 2020, Hannon Armstrong's core purpose is to make climate-positive investments with superior risk-adjusted returns.
Haynes International, Inc. is a leading developer, manufacturer and marketer of technologically advanced, high performance alloys, primarily for use in the aerospace, industrial gas turbine and chemical processing industries.
Huntington Bancshares Incorporated is a regional bank holding company headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, with $120 billion of assets and a network of 839 full-service branches, including 11 Private Client Group offices, and 1,330 ATMs across seven Midwestern states. Founded in 1866, The Huntington National Bank and its affiliates provide consumer, small business, commercial, treasury management, wealth management, brokerage, trust, and insurance services. Huntington also provides vehicle finance, equipment finance, national settlement, and capital market services that extend beyond its core states.


Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company Class A
Home Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for Home Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a federally chartered community-oriented savings bank. As of December 31, 2010, the Bank conducted business from 18 full-service banking locations and one loan production office in the Greater Lafayette, Baton Rouge and Northshore (of Lake Ponchartrain) regions of south Louisiana. The Bank is primarily engaged in attracting deposits from the general public and using those funds to invest in loans and securities. The Bank's principal sources of funds are customer deposits, repayments of loans, repayments of investments and funds borrowed from outside sources, such as the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) of Dallas. These funds are primarily used for the origination of loans, including single-family residential first mortgage loans, commercial real estate mortgage loans, other commercial loans, home equity loans and lines of credit, construction and land loans and other loans.
Hanesbrands Inc. is a consumer goods company with a portfolio of apparel brands, including Hanes, Champion, Bali, Playtex, Just My Size, L'eggs, barely there, Wonderbra, Gear for Sports, Stedman, Zorba, Rinbros, Sol y Oro, Outer Banks and Duofold. The Company designs, manufactures, sources and sells a range of basic apparel, such as T-shirts, bras, panties, men's underwear, kids' underwear, casualwear, activewear, socks and hosiery. The Company operates in five segments: Innerwear, Outerwear, Hosiery, Direct to Consumer and International. The Hanes brand covers all of its product categories, including men's underwear, kids' underwear, bras, panties, socks, T-shirts, fleece and sheer hosiery. Bali is the brand within its portfolio, offering a range of bras, panties and shapewear sold in the department store channel. In October 2013, the Company announced that it has closed the acquisition of Maidenform Brands, Inc.
Harvard Bioscience is a leading developer, manufacturer and seller of technologies, products and services that enable fundamental research, discovery, and pre-clinical testing for drug development. Our customers range from renowned academic institutions and government laboratories, to the world?€?s leading pharmaceutical, biotechnology and clinical research organizations. With operations in North America, Europe, and China, we sell through a combination of direct and distribution channels to customers around the world.
HudBay Minerals Inc. (HudBay) is an integrated mining company. Hudbay produces copper concentrate (containing copper, gold and silver) and zinc metal and focuses on the discovery, production and marketing of base and precious metals. Hudbay owns copper/zinc/gold mines, ore concentrators and zinc production facilities in northern Manitoba and Saskatchewan and a copper project in Peru. Its main mining operations are located in Manitoba and Saskatchewan and are included in the Manitoba segment. The Manitoba segment generates its revenues as it sells copper, zinc, gold, silver and other metals. The South America segment consists of its Constancia project in Peru, Hudbay Chile, Hudbay Colombia and Hudbay Panama. On March 1, 2011, it acquired Constancia project in Peru and acquired 90.5% of Hudbay Peru. On August 15, 2011, it amalgamated with its subsidiary, HMI Nickel Inc. On September 9, 2011, it sold its interest in the Fenix ferro nickel project. On November 1, 2011, it sold Zochem Inc.
Howard Bancorp, Inc. is the parent company of Howard Bank, a Maryland-chartered trust company operating as a commercial bank. Headquartered in Baltimore City, Maryland, Howard Bank operates a general commercial banking business through its 15 branches located throughout the Greater Baltimore Metropolitan Area. It had consolidated assets of approximately $2.5 billion at June 30, 2020.
Horizon Bancorp, Inc. is an independent, commercial bank holding company serving northern and central Indiana, and southern, central and the Great Lakes Bay regions of Michigan through its commercial banking subsidiary Horizon Bank. Horizon also offers mortgage-banking services throughout the Midwest. Horizon may be reached online at www.horizonbank.com. Its common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol HBNC.
Huttig Building Products, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, is engaged in the distribution of millwork products, building materials, and wood products for new residential construction, home improvement, remodeling, and repair work in the United States. It offers various millwork products, such as exterior and interior doors, pre-hung door units, windows, patio doors, mouldings, frames, stair parts, and columns under the Therma-Tru, Masonite, Woodgrain Doors HB&G, Simpson Door, Huttig Windows, Windsor Windows, and Rogue Valley Door brands. The company also provides general building products, including roofing, siding, insulation, flashing, housewrap, connectors and fasteners, decking, drywall, kitchen cabinets, and other miscellaneous building products under the Louisiana Pacific, Simpson Strong-Tie, Timbertech, AZEK, BP Roofing, Grace, Fiberon, Owens Corning, Typar, Atlas Roofing, Alpha Protech, and CertainTeed brands; and various wood products, which include engineered wood products, such as floor systems, as well as other wood products comprising lumber and wood panels. It sells its products to building materials dealers; national buying groups; home centers; and industrial users, including makers of manufactured homes. The company distributes its products through 27 wholesale distribution centers serving 41 states. Huttig Building Products, Inc. was founded in 1885 and is headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri.
HBT Financial, Inc. is headquartered in Bloomington, Illinois and is the holding company for Heartland Bank and Trust Company and State Bank of Lincoln. The banks provide a comprehensive suite of business, commercial, wealth management, and retail banking products and services to individuals, businesses and municipal entities throughout Central and Northeastern Illinois through 63 branches. As of September??30, 2020, HBT had total assets of $3.5 billion, total loans of $2.3 billion, and total deposits of $3.0 billion. HBT is a longstanding Central Illinois company, with banking roots that can be traced back 100 years.
HCA Holdings, Inc. (HCA) is a holding company whose affiliates owns and operates hospitals and related health care entities. HCA is a health care services companies in the United States. At December 31, 2011, it operated 163 hospitals, comprised of 157 general, acute care hospitals; five psychiatric hospitals, and one rehabilitation hospital. In addition, it operated 108 freestanding surgery centers. Its operations are structured into three geographically organized groups: the National, Southwest and Central Groups. At December 31, 2011, the National Group includes 64 hospitals located in Florida, South Carolina, southern Georgia, Alaska, California, Nevada, Utah and Idaho, the Southwest Group includes 46 hospitals located in Colorado, Texas, Oklahoma and the Wichita, Kansas market, and the Central Group includes 47 hospitals. During October 2011, the Company acquired the Colorado Health Foundation's (Foundation).In December 2011, it sold Palmyra Medical Center in Albany, Ga.
Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II is a blank check company. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Houston, Texas.
Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp II Unit 1 Com & 1 Wt Exp 2020
nan
Harvest Capital Credit Corporation provides customized financing solutions to privately held small and mid-sized companies in the U.S., generally targeting companies with annual revenues of less than $100 million and annual EBITDA of less than $15 million. The company?€?s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation primarily by making direct investments in the form of senior debt, subordinated debt and, to a lesser extent, minority equity investments. Harvest Capital Credit Corporation is externally managed and has elected to be treated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
Harvest Capital Credit Corporation 6.125% Notes due 2022
Health Catalyst Inc
Warrior is a large scale, low-cost U.S. based producer and exporter of premium hard coking coal (\u201cHCC\u201d), operating highly efficient longwall operations in its underground mines located in Alabama. The HCC that Warrior produces from the Blue Creek coal seam contains very low sulfur and has strong coking properties and is of a similar quality to coal referred to as the benchmark HCC produced in Australia. The premium nature of Warrior\u2019s HCC makes it ideally suited as a base feed coal for steel makers and results in price realizations near the HCC benchmark. Warrior sells all of its met coal production to steel producers in Europe, South America and Asia. For more information about Warrior Met Coal, please visit www.warriormetcoal.com.

HL Acquisitions Corp - Tradeable Rights - July 2018
HL Acquisitions Corp. Unit
HL Acquisitions Corp - Warrants (21/06/2023)
Heritage-Crystal Clean, Inc. provides parts cleaning, used oil re-refining, and hazardous and non-hazardous waste services primarily to small and mid-sized customers in the vehicle maintenance sector as well as manufacturers and other industrial businesses. Our service programs include parts cleaning, containerized waste management, used oil collection and re-refining, vacuum truck services, waste antifreeze collection, recycling and product sales, and field services. These services help our customers manage their used chemicals and liquid and solid wastes, while also helping to minimize their regulatory burdens. Our customers include businesses involved in vehicle maintenance operations, such as car dealerships, automotive repair shops, and trucking firms, as well as small-to-medium sized manufacturers, such as metal product fabricators and printers, and other industrial businesses. Through our used oil re-refining program, we recycle used oil into high quality lubricating base oil, and we are a supplier to firms that produce and market finished lubricants. Through our antifreeze program we recycle spent antifreeze and produce a full line of virgin-quality antifreeze products. Heritage-Crystal Clean, Inc. is headquartered in Elgin, Illinois, and operates through 89 branches serving approximately 91,000 customer locations. Conference Call The Company will host a conference call on Thursday, October 15, 2020 at 9:30 AM Central Time, during which management will give a brief presentation focusing on the Company's operations and financial results. Interested parties can listen to the audio webcast available through our company website, http://crystal-clean.com/investor-relations/, and can participate on the call by dialing (833) 968-1975. After dialing the number, you will be required to provide the following passcode before being joined to the conference call: 4274573.
Harbor Custom Development, Inc., DBA Harbor Custom Homes??, is a real estate development company involved in all aspects of the land development cycle including land acquisition, entitlements, construction of project infrastructure, home building, marketing, sales, and management of various residential projects in Western Washington?€?s Puget Sound region. Harbor has active or recently sold out residential communities in Gig Harbor, Bremerton, Silverdale, Bainbridge Island, and Allyn in the state of Washington. Harbor Custom Development?€?s business strategy is to acquire and develop land strategically, based on an understanding of population growth patterns, entitlement restrictions, infrastructure development, and geo-economic forces. Harbor focuses on real estate within target markets with convenient access to metropolitan areas that are generally characterized by diverse economic and employment bases and increasing populations.
Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc. is a Maryland corporation focused on investing in, financing and managing transitional multifamily and other commercial real estate loans securitizations.
HC2 Holdings, Inc. is a publicly traded diversified holding company, which seeks opportunities to acquire and grow businesses that can generate long-term sustainable free cash flow and attractive returns in order to maximize value for all stakeholders. HC2 has a diverse array of operating subsidiaries across multiple reportable segments, including Construction, Energy, Telecommunications, Life Sciences, Broadcasting, Insurance and Other. HC2?€?s largest operating subsidiary is DBM Global Inc., a family of companies providing fully integrated structural and steel construction services. Founded in 1994, HC2 is headquartered in New York, New York.
HCI Group, Inc. is an InsurTech company with operations in insurance, software development and real estate. HCI?€?s leading insurance operation, TypTap Insurance Company, is a rapidly growing, technology-driven insurance company, which provides homeowners?€? insurance and flood insurance primarily in Florida. TypTap?€?s operations are powered in large part by insurance-related information technology developed by HCI?€?s software subsidiary, Exzeo USA, Inc. HCI?€?s largest subsidiary, Homeowners Choice Property & Casualty Insurance Company, Inc., provides homeowners?€? insurance primarily in Florida. HCI?€?s real estate subsidiary, Greenleaf Capital, LLC, owns and operates multiple properties in Florida, including office buildings, retail centers and marinas. The company's common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "HCI" and are included in the Russell 2000 and S&P SmallCap 600 Index. HCI Group, Inc. regularly publishes financial and other information in the Investor Information section of the company?€?s website.
The Hackett Group is an intellectual property-based strategic consultancy and leading benchmarking and best practices firm to global companies, with offerings that include smart automation and enterprise cloud application implementation. Services include business transformation, enterprise analytics, global business services, and working capital management. The Hackett Group also provides dedicated expertise in business strategy, operations, finance, human capital management, strategic sourcing, procurement and information technology, including its award-winning Oracle and SAP practices. The Hackett Group has completed nearly 18,000 benchmarking studies with major corporations and government agencies, including 93% of the Dow Jones Industrials, 90% of the Fortune 100, 80% of the DAX 30 and 57% of the FTSE 100. These studies drive its Best Practice Intelligence Center ??? which includes the firm's benchmarking metrics, best practices repository and best practice configuration guides and process flows, which enable The Hackett Group?€?s clients and partners to achieve world-class performance.

Healthcare Services Group, Inc. provides management, administrative and operating services to the housekeeping, laundry, linen, facility maintenance and dietary service departments of the health care industry, including nursing homes, retirement complexes, rehabilitation centers and hospitals located throughout the United States. The Company operates in two segments: housekeeping, laundry, linen and other services (Housekeeping), and dietary department services (Dietary).As of December 31, 2011, the Company provided its Housekeeping services to approximately 2,900 facilities and provided Dietary services to approximately 600 facilities. As of December 31, 2011, the Company operated two wholly owned subsidiaries, Huntingdon Holdings, Inc. (Huntingdon) and Healthcare Staff Leasing Solutions, LLC (Staff Leasing).
Hercules Capital Inc. 6.25% Notes due 2033
Hercules Capital Inc. 5.25% Notes due 2025
The Home Depot is the world's largest home improvement specialty retailer, with 2,295 retail stores in all 50 states, the??District of Columbia,??Puerto Rico,??U.S. Virgin Islands,??Guam, 10 Canadian provinces and??Mexico. In fiscal 2019, The Home Depot had sales of??$110.2 billion??and earnings of??$11.2 billion. The Company employs more than 400,000 associates. The Home Depot's stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange and is included in the Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index. About HD Supply HD Supply (NASDAQ: HDS ) is one of the largest wholesale distributors in North America. The company provides a broad range of products and value-add services to approximately 300,000 customers with leadership positions in the living space maintenance, repair and operations sector. Through approximately 44 distribution centers, across 25 states and two Canadian provinces, the company's approximately 5,500 associates provide localized, customer-tailored products, services and expertise.
HDFC Bank Limited, together with its subsidiaries, provides a range of banking and financial services to individuals and businesses in India, as well as in Bahrain and Hong Kong. The company operates in four segments: Retail Banking, Wholesale Banking, Treasury, and Other Banking Operations. It offers various deposit products, including savings accounts, salary accounts, current accounts, fixed and recurring deposits, demat accounts, safe deposit lockers, and rural accounts, as well as foreign currency deposits; loan products comprising personal, business, home, car, two wheeler, educational, term, gold, and rural loans, as well as working capital finance, and loans against assets and government sponsored programs; credit, debit, and prepaid cards; and private banking services. The company also provides trade services, cash management services, foreign exchange services, bills discounting, export packing credit, letter of credit, bank guarantees, other structured finance products, and electronic banking services; and distributes life, motor, travel, two wheeler, and home insurance products, as well as mutual funds. In addition, it offers investment banking services in the areas of equities and derivatives, project appraisal, mutual funds, IPO, gold and silver investments, bonds, structured finance, loan syndication and debt capital markets, equity placement, mergers and acquisitions, corporate advisory services, and capital market advisory services. Further, the company provides online and mobile banking services. As of September 30, 2014, the company operated a network of 3,600 branches and 11,515 ATMs in 2,272 cities/towns. HDFC Bank Limited was founded in 1994 and is based in Mumbai, India.
UBS AG London Branch ETRACS Monthly Pay 2X Leveraged US High Divid Low Volatility ETN Ser B 09302044
HD Supply is one of the largest wholesale distributors in North America. The company provides a broad range of products and value-add services to approximately 300,000 customers with leadership positions in the living space maintenance, repair and operations sector. Through approximately 44 distribution centers, across 25 states and two Canadian provinces, the company's approximately 5,500 associates provide localized, customer-tailored products, services and expertise.
Hudson Technologies, Inc. is a leading provider of innovative and sustainable solutions for optimizing performance and enhancing reliability of commercial and industrial chiller plants and refrigeration systems. Hudson's proprietary RefrigerantSide ?? Services increase operating efficiency, provide energy and cost savings, reduce greenhouse gas emissions and the plant?€?s carbon footprint while enhancing system life and reliability of operations at the same time. RefrigerantSide ?? Services can be performed at a customer's site as an integral part of an effective scheduled maintenance program or in response to emergencies. Hudson also offers SMARTenergy OPS ??, which is a cloud-based Managed Software as a Service for continuous monitoring, Fault Detection and Diagnostics and real-time optimization of chilled water plants. In addition, the Company sells refrigerants and provides traditional reclamation services for commercial and industrial air conditioning and refrigeration uses.
Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in the electric utility and banking businesses primarily in the State of Hawaii. The company is involved in the production, purchase, transmission, distribution, and sale of electricity. Its renewable energy sources and potential sources include wind, solar, photovoltaic, geothermal, wave, hydroelectric, sugarcane waste, municipal waste, and other bio fuels, as well as fuel oils. The company distributes and sells electricity on the islands of Oahu, Hawaii, Maui, Lanai, and Molokai; and serves suburban communities, resorts, the United States armed forces installations, and agricultural operations. Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. also provides banking and other financial services, including deposit products, such as savings accounts, checking accounts, money market accounts, and certificates of deposit; and loans comprising residential and commercial real estate, residential mortgage, construction and development, multifamily residential and commercial real estate, consumer, and commercial loans to consumers and business. The company was founded in 1891 and is headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Turtle Beach Corporation ( corp.turtlebeach.com ) is one of the world's leading gaming accessory providers. The Turtle Beach brand ( www.turtlebeach.com ) is known for pioneering first-to-market features and patented innovations in high-quality, comfort-driven headsets for all levels of gamer, making it a fan-favorite brand and the market leader in console gaming audio for the last decade. Turtle Beach's ROCCAT brand ( www.roccat.org ) combines detail-loving German innovation with a genuine passion for designing the best PC gaming products. Under the ROCCAT brand, Turtle Beach creates award-winning keyboards, mice, headsets, mousepads, and other PC accessories. Turtle Beach's shares are traded on the Nasdaq Exchange under the symbol: HEAR.
Hudson Executive Investment Corp Cl A Com
Hudson Executive Investment Corp Unit 1 Cl A Com & 12 Wt Exp 06212025
Hudson Executive Investment Corp Wt Exp 06212025
H&E Equipment Services, Inc. is an integrated equipment services companies in the United States focused on heavy construction and industrial equipment. The Company rents, sells and provides parts and service supports for four categories of equipment: hi-lift or aerial work platform equipment, cranes, earthmoving equipment, and industrial lift trucks. H&E Equipment Services, Inc. operates in five segments equipment rentals, new equipment sales, used equipment sales, parts sales, and repair and maintenance services. As of February 26, 2013, the Company had a network of 65 full-service facilities, serving approximately 31,300 customers across 22 states in the West Coast, Intermountain, Southwest, Gulf Coast, Southeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States.
HEICO Corporation is engaged primarily in the design, production, servicing and distribution of products and services to certain niche segments of the aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries through its Hollywood, Florida-based Flight Support Group and its Miami, Florida-based Electronic Technologies Group. HEICO's customers include a majority of the world's airlines and overhaul shops, as well as numerous defense and space contractors and military agencies worldwide, in addition to medical, telecommunications and electronics equipment manufacturers.
HEICO Corporation, through its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and sells aerospace, defense, and electronic related products and services in the United States and internationally. The company??s Flight Support Group segment provides jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts; thermal insulation blankets and parts; and specialty components for aerospace and industrial original equipment manufacturers, and the United States government. This segment also distributes hydraulic, pneumatic, mechanical, and electro-mechanical components for the commercial, regional, and general aviation markets; and offers repair and overhaul services for jet engine and aircraft component parts, avionics, instruments, composites, and flight surfaces of commercial airlines, as well as for avionics and navigation systems, subcomponents, and other instruments utilized on military aircrafts. Its Electronic Technologies Group segment provides electro-optical infrared simulation and test equipment; electro-optical laser products; electro-optical, microwave, and other power equipment; electromagnetic and radio interference shielding; high-speed interface products; high voltage interconnection devices; high voltage advanced power electronics; power conversion products; underwater locator beacons; traveling wave tube amplifiers and microwave power modules; three-dimensional microelectronic and stacked memory products; harsh environment connectivity products and custom molded cable assemblies; and radio frequency and microwave amplifiers, transmitters, and receivers that link devices, such as telemetry receivers, digital cameras, high resolution scanners, simulation systems, and test systems to computers. The company serves the U.S. and foreign military agencies; prime defense contractors; and medical, telecommunications, electronics, commercial, and defense satellite and spacecraft equipment manufacturers. The company was founded in 1949 and is headquartered in Hollywood, Florida.
Helen of Troy Limited is a leading global consumer products company offering creative solutions for its customers through a strong portfolio of well-recognized and widely-trusted brands, including OXO, Hydro Flask, Vicks, Braun, Honeywell, PUR, Hot Tools and Drybar. We sometimes refer to these brands as our Leadership Brands. All trademarks herein belong to Helen of Troy Limited (or its subsidiaries) and/or are used under license from their respective licensors.
Holly Energy Partners, L.P., headquartered in Dallas, Texas, provides petroleum product and crude oil transportation, terminalling, storage and throughput services to the petroleum industry, including HollyFrontier Corporation subsidiaries. The Partnership, through its subsidiaries and joint ventures, owns and/or operates petroleum product and crude pipelines, tankage and terminals in Texas, New Mexico, Washington, Idaho, Oklahoma, Utah, Nevada, Wyoming and Kansas, as well as refinery processing units in Utah and Kansas. HollyFrontier Corporation, headquartered in Dallas, Texas, is an independent petroleum refiner and marketer that produces high value light products such as gasoline, diesel fuel, jet fuel and other specialty products. HollyFrontier owns and operates refineries located in Kansas, Oklahoma, New Mexico and Utah and markets its refined products principally in the Southwest U.S., the Rocky Mountains extending into the Pacific Northwest and in other neighboring Plains states. In addition, HollyFrontier produces base oils and other specialized lubricants in the U.S., Canada and the Netherlands, and exports products to more than 80 countries. HollyFrontier also owns a 57% limited partner interest and a non-economic general partner interest in Holly Energy Partners, L.P.
ContraVir is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of targeted therapies for liver disease arising from non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and chronic hepatitis virus infection (HBV, HCV, HDV). The company?€?s lead drug candidate, CRV431, reduces liver fibrosis and hepatocellular carcinoma tumor burden in experimental models of NASH. Preclinical studies also have demonstrated antiviral activities towards HBV, HCV, and HDV through several mechanisms. These diverse therapeutic activities result from CRV431?€?s potent inhibition of cyclophilin enzymes, which are involved in many disease processes. Currently in clinical phase development, CRV431 shows potential to play an important role in the overall treatment of liver disease - from triggering events through to end-stage disease.
Hess Corporation (Hess) is a global integrated energy company that operates in two segments: Exploration and Production (E&P) and Marketing and Refining (M&R). The E&P segment explores for, develops, produces, purchases, transports and sells crude oil and natural gas. These exploration and production activities take place principally in Algeria, Australia, Azerbaijan, Brazil, Brunei, China, Denmark, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, France, Ghana, Indonesia, the Kurdistan region of Iraq, Libya, Malaysia, Norway, Peru, Russia, Thailand, the United Kingdom and the United States. The M&R segment manufactures refined petroleum products and purchases, markets and trades refined petroleum products, natural gas and electricity. In December 2013, the Company sold its Natuna A asset, located off the coast of Indonesia to PT Pertamina and PTT Exploration and Production company Limited.
Hess Midstream is a fee-based, growth-oriented, midstream company that owns, operates, develops and acquires a diverse set of midstream assets to provide services to Hess and third-party customers. Hess Midstream owns oil, gas and produced water handling assets that are primarily located in the Bakken and Three Forks Shale plays in the Williston Basin area of North Dakota.
HEXO Corp is an award-winning consumer packaged goods cannabis company that creates and distributes prize-winning products to serve the global cannabis market. Through its hub and spoke business strategy, HEXO Corp is partnering with Fortune 500 companies, bringing its brand value, cannabinoid isolation technology, licensed infrastructure and regulatory expertise to established companies, leveraging their distribution networks and capacity. As one of the largest licensed cannabis companies in Canada, HEXO Corp operates with 1.8 million sq. ft of facilities in Ontario and Quebec and has a foothold in Greece to establish a Eurozone processing, production and distribution centre. The Company serves the Canadian adult-use and medical markets.
Home Federal Bancorp, Inc. of Louisiana is a holding company of Home Federal Bank (the Bank). The Company's business activities are to hold all of the outstanding common stock of Home Federal Bank. Home Federal Bank is a savings and loan association located in Shreveport, Louisiana. Home Federal Bank's business consists of attracting deposits from the general public and using those funds to invest in securities and originate single-family and consumer loans. In July 2009, Home Federal Bank began offering security brokerage and advisory services through its agency office located in Shreveport, Louisiana. As of June 30, 2010, Home Federal Bank provided services through three branch offices and one agency office, which are located in the City of Shreveport, Louisiana.
HollyFrontier Corporation, headquartered in Dallas, Texas, is an independent petroleum refiner and marketer that produces high value light products such as gasoline, diesel fuel, jet fuel and other specialty products. HollyFrontier owns and operates refineries located in Kansas, Oklahoma, New Mexico and Utah and markets its refined products principally in the Southwest U.S., the Rocky Mountains extending into the Pacific Northwest and in other neighboring Plains states. In addition, HollyFrontier produces base oils and other specialized lubricants in the U.S., Canada and the Netherlands, and exports products to more than 80 countries. HollyFrontier also owns a 57% limited partner interest and a non-economic general partner interest in Holly Energy Partners, L.P., a master limited partnership that provides petroleum product and crude oil transportation, terminalling, storage and throughput services to the petroleum industry, including HollyFrontier Corporation subsidiaries.
HF Foods Group Inc., headquartered in City of Industry, California, is a leading marketer and distributor of fresh produce, frozen and dry food, and non-food products to primarily Asian/Chinese restaurants and other foodservice customers throughout the Southeast, Pacific and Mountain West regions of the United States. With 14 distribution centers along the U.S. eastern and western seaboards, HF Foods aims to supply the increasing demand for Asian American restaurant cuisine. With an in-house proprietary ordering and inventory control network, more than 10,000 established customers in 21 states, and strong relations with growers and suppliers of food products in the US and China, HF Foods Group is able to offer fresh, high-quality specialty restaurant foods and supplies at economical prices to its large and growing base of customers.
The Highland Income Fund ("HFRO" or the "Fund") announced the pricing of an offering of 5.4 million 5.375% Series A Cumulative Preferred shares with an aggregate liquidation value of??$135 million. Additionally, Highland Capital Management Fund Advisors, L.P., the Fund's adviser, granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional??$20.25 million??to cover any overallotments. The offering is expected to close on??Thursday, August 1, 2019, subject to customary closing conditions.
Heritage Financial Corporation is an Olympia -based bank holding company with Heritage Bank, a full-service commercial bank, as its sole wholly-owned banking subsidiary. Heritage Bank has a branching network of 62 banking offices in Washington and Oregon. Heritage Bank also does business under the Whidbey Island Bank name on Whidbey Island. Heritage's stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "HFWA".
www.heritageglobalinc.com ) Heritage Global Inc. is an asset services company specializing in financial and industrial asset transactions. The company provides a full suite of services including market making, acquisitions, dispositions, valuations and secured lending. Heritage Global focuses on identifying, valuing, acquiring and monetizing underlying tangible and intangible assets across twenty-eight global sectors. The company acts as an adviser, as well as a principal, acquiring or brokering turnkey manufacturing facilities, surplus industrial machinery and equipment, industrial inventories, accounts receivable portfolios, intellectual property, and entire business enterprises.
Humanigen, Inc. is developing its portfolio of clinical and pre-clinical therapies for the treatment of cancers and infectious diseases via its novel, cutting-edge GM-CSF neutralization and gene-knockout platforms. We believe that our GM-CSF neutralization and gene-editing platform technologies have the potential to reduce the inflammatory cascade associated with coronavirus infection. The company?€?s immediate focus is to prevent or minimize the cytokine release syndrome that precedes severe lung dysfunction and ARDS in serious cases of SARS-CoV-2 infection. The company is also focused on creating next-generation combinatory gene-edited CAR-T therapies using strategies to improve efficacy while employing GM-CSF gene knockout technologies to control toxicity. In addition, the company is developing its own portfolio of proprietary first-in-class EphA3-CAR-T for various solid cancers and EMR1-CAR-T for various eosinophilic disorders. The company is also exploring the effectiveness of its GM-CSF neutralization technologies (either through the use of lenzilumab as a neutralizing antibody or through GM-CSF gene knockout) in combination with other CAR-T, bispecific or natural killer (NK) T cell engaging immunotherapy treatments to break the efficacy/toxicity linkage, including to prevent and/or treat graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) in patients undergoing allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT). Additionally, Humanigen and Kite, a Gilead Company, are evaluating lenzilumab as sequenced therapy with Yescarta ?? (axicabtagene ciloleucel) in patients with relapsed or refractory large B-cell lymphoma in a clinical collaboration.
The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc
Highland Global Credit Allocation Fund. - Ordinary Shares
China HGS Real Estate Inc. (China HGS), along with its subsidiaries and variable interest entity (VIE), engages in real estate development, in the construction and sale of residential apartments, car parks and commercial properties. The Company conducts all of its business through its Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co., Ltd. (Guangsha) subsidiary. All of its business is conducted in mainland the People's Republic of China. The Company focuses to expand selected Tier II and Tier III cities and counties. It develops three types of real estate projects, which may be developed in one or more phases, including multi-layer apartment buildings, which are six stories or less; sub-high-rise apartment buildings, which are seven to 11 stories, and high-rise apartment buildings, which are typically 12 to 33 stories. As of September 30, 2010, it had three projects that it was developing in Hanzhong City and one in Yang County, which is adjacent to Hanzhong City.
Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. is recognized as a leading global timeshare company. With headquarters in Orlando, Florida, Hilton Grand Vacations develops, markets and operates a system of brand-name, high-quality vacation ownership resorts in select vacation destinations. The Company also manages and operates two innovative club membership programs: Hilton Grand Vacations Club?? and The Hilton Club??, providing exclusive exchange, leisure travel and reservation services for more than 325,000 club members.
?? The Howard Hughes Corporation owns, manages and develops commercial, residential and mixed-use real estate throughout the U.S. Its award-winning assets include the country's preeminent portfolio of master planned communities, as well as operating properties and development opportunities including: the Seaport District in New York ; Columbia, Maryland ; The Woodlands ??, The Woodlands Hills ??, and Bridgeland ?? in the Greater Houston, Texas area; Summerlin ??, Las Vegas ; and Ward Village ?? in Honolulu, Hawai'i. The Howard Hughes Corporation's portfolio is strategically positioned to meet and accelerate development based on market demand, resulting in one of the strongest real estate platforms in the country. Dedicated to innovative place making, the Company is recognized for its ongoing commitment to design excellence and to the cultural life of its communities. The Howard Hughes Corporation is traded on the New York Stock Exchange as HHC.
HeadHunter Group PLC ADR
Hillenbrand ( www.Hillenbrand.com ) is a global diversified industrial company with businesses that serve a wide variety of industries around the world. We pursue profitable growth and robust cash generation to drive increased value for our shareholders. Hillenbrand's portfolio includes industrial businesses such as Coperion, Milacron Injection Molding & Extrusion, and Mold-Masters, in addition to Batesville, a recognized leader in the death care industry in North America. Hillenbrand is publicly traded on the NYSE under "HI." SOURCE Hillenbrand, Inc. Related Links http://www.hillenbrand.com
Hibbett, headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, is a leading athletic-inspired fashion retailer with nearly 1,100 Hibbett Sports and City Gear specialty stores located in 35 states nationwide. Celebrating its 75th year, Hibbett has a rich history of convenient locations, personalized customer service and access to coveted footwear, apparel and equipment from top brands like Nike, Jordan and adidas. Consumers can browse styles, find new releases, shop looks and make purchases online or in their nearest store by visiting hibbett.com. Follow us @hibbettsports and @citygear on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. About Non-GAAP Financial Measures This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted net income, earnings per share, gross margin, SG&A expenses and operating income as a percentage of net sales. Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors to facilitate comparisons of our current financial results to historical operations and the financial results of peer companies, as they exclude the effects of items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, our underlying operating results, such as expenses related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the acquisition of City Gear and our accelerated store closure plan in Fiscal 2020. The costs related to the COVID-19 pandemic include impairment charges of goodwill, tradename and other assets, change in the contingent earnout valuation, paid-not-worked labor costs net of related tax credits and lower of cost or net realizable value inventory reserve charges. The costs related to the acquisition of City Gear include amortization of inventory step-up value, professional service fees, change in valuation of the contingent earnout, legal and accounting fees. Costs related to the strategic realignment plan included lease and equipment impairment costs, third party liquidation fees, store exit costs, and residual net lease costs and were specific to Fiscal 2020. While our management uses these non-GAAP financial measures as a tool to enhance their ability to assess certain aspects of our financial performance, our management does not consider these measures to be a substitute for, or superior to, the information provided by GAAP financial statements. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for GAAP financial statements, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. It should be noted as well that our non-GAAP information may be different from the non-GAAP information provided by other companies. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measure prepared in accordance with GAAP, please see the sections titled ?€?GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation?€? that accompany this press release.
The Fund, under normal circumstances, invests at least 80% of its net assets (plus borrowing for investment purposes) in financial instruments, such as swap agreements, securities of the Index, and exchange-traded funds ("ETFs") that track the Index and other financial instruments that provide daily leveraged exposure to the Index or to ETFs that track the Index. The financial instruments in which the Fund most commonly invests are swap agreements and futures contracts which are intended to produce economically leveraged investment results. On a day-to-day basis, the Fund is expected to hold ETFs and money market funds, deposit accounts with institutions with high quality credit ratings, and/or short-term debt instruments that have terms-to-maturity of less than 397 days and exhibit high quality credit profiles, including U.S. government securities and repurchase agreements. The Index is provided by S&P Dow Jones Indices (the ?€?Index Provider?€?). The Index Provider selects 100 securities to include in the Index from the S&P 500?? Index that have the highest sensitivity to market movements, or ?€?beta,?€? over the past 12 months as determined by the Index Provider. Securities with the highest beta are generally the most volatile securities of the S&P 500?? Index. The Index Provider utilizes the daily price changes over the previous year to determine the beta of each security included in the S&P 500?? Index and then ranks each security based on its calculated beta. The Index Provider excludes any security that does not have 252 days of daily price history. The Index is reviewed and rebalanced quarterly. As of December 31, 2019 the Index consisted of 98 components that had a median total market capitalization of $20.8 billion, total market capitalizations ranging from $5 billion to $1.3 trillion and were concentrated in the information technology sector. The components of the Index and the percentages represented by various sectors in the Index may change over time. The Fund will concentrate its investment in a particular industry or group of industries (i.e., hold 25% or more of its total assets in the stocks of a particular industry or group of industries) to approximately the same extent as the Index is so concentrated. The Fund may invest in the securities of the Index, a representative sample of the securities in the Index that has aggregate characteristics similar to those of the Index, an ETF that tracks the Index or a substantially similar index, and may utilize derivatives, such as swaps or futures on the Index or on an ETF that tracks the same Index or a substantially similar index, that provide leveraged exposure to the above. Derivatives are financial instruments that derive value from the underlying reference asset or assets, such as stocks, bonds, or funds (including ETFs), interest rates or indexes. Certain of the derivative instruments in which the Fund may invest may be traded in the over-the-counter market, which generally provides for less transparency than exchange-traded derivative instruments. The Fund seeks to remain fully invested at all times, consistent with its stated investment objective but may not always have investment exposure to all of the securities in the Index, or its weighting of investment exposure to securities or industries may be different from that of the Index. In addition, the Fund may invest in securities or financial instruments not included in the Index. The Fund will attempt to achieve its investment objective without regard to overall market movement or the increase or decrease of the value of the securities in the Index. At the close of the markets each trading day, Rafferty positions the Fund?€?s portfolio so that its exposure to the Index is consistent with the Fund?€?s investment objective. The impact of the Index?€?s movements during the day will affect whether the Fund?€?s portfolio needs to be re-positioned. For example, if the Index has risen on a given day, net assets of the Fund should rise, meaning that the Fund?€?s exposure will need to be increased. Conversely, if the Index has fallen on a given day, net assets of the Fund should fall, meaning the Fund?€?s exposure will need to be reduced. This re-positioning strategy typically results in high portfolio turnover. The terms ?€?daily,?€? ?€?day,?€? and ?€?trading day,?€? refer to the period from the close of the markets on one trading day to the close of the markets on the next trading day. Because of daily rebalancing and the compounding of each day?€?s return over time, the return of the Fund for periods longer than a single day will be the result of each day?€?s returns compounded over the period, which will very likely differ from 300% of the return of the Index over the same period. The Fund will lose money if the Index performance is flat over time, and as a result of daily rebalancing, the Index?€?s volatility and the effects of compounding, it is even possible that the Fund will lose money over time while the Index's performance increases over a period longer than a single day.
The Fund, under normal circumstances, invests in swap agreements, futures contracts, short positions or other financial instruments that, in combination, provide inverse (opposite) or short leveraged exposure to the Index equal to at least 80% of the Fund?€?s net assets (plus borrowing for investment purposes). On a day-to-day basis, the Fund is expected to hold money market funds, deposit accounts with institutions with high quality credit ratings, and/or short-term debt instruments that have terms-to-maturity of less than 397 days and exhibit high quality credit profiles, including U.S. government securities and repurchase agreements. The Index is provided by S&P Dow Jones Indices (the ?€?Index Provider?€?). The Index Provider selects 100 securities to include in the Index from the S&P 500?? Index that have the highest sensitivity to market movements, or ?€?beta,?€? over the past 12 months as determined by the Index Provider. Securities with the highest beta are generally the most volatile securities of the S&P 500?? Index. The Index Provider utilizes the daily price changes over the previous year to determine the beta of each security included in the S&P 500?? Index and then ranks each security based on its calculated beta. The Index Provider excludes any security that does not have 252 days of daily price history. The Index is reviewed and rebalanced quarterly. As of December 31, 2019 the Index consisted of 98 components that had a median total market capitalization of $20.8 billion, total market capitalizations ranging from $5 billion to $1.3 trillion and were concentrated in the information technology sector. The components of the Index and the percentages represented by various sectors in the Index may change over time. The Fund will concentrate its investment in a particular industry or group of industries (i.e., hold 25% or more of its total assets in investments that provide inverse exposure to a particular industry or group of industries) to approximately the same extent as the Index is so concentrated. The Fund may gain inverse leveraged exposure by investing in a combination of financial instruments, such as swaps or futures contracts that provide short exposure to the Index, to a representative sample of the securities in the Index that has aggregate characteristics similar to those of the Index or to an ETF that tracks the same Index or a substantially similar index, or the Fund may short securities of the Index, or short an ETF that tracks the same Index or a substantially similar index. Derivatives are financial instruments that derive value from the underlying reference asset or assets, such as stocks, bonds, or funds (including ETFs), interest rates or indexes. The Fund invests in derivatives as a substitute for directly shorting securities in order to gain inverse leveraged exposure to the Index or its components. The Fund seeks to remain fully invested at all times consistent with its stated inverse leveraged investment objective. The Fund will attempt to achieve its investment objective without regard to overall market movement or the increase or decrease of the value of the securities in the Index. At the close of the markets each trading day, Rafferty positions the Fund?€?s portfolio so that its exposure to the Index is consistent with the Fund?€?s inverse leveraged investment objective. The impact of the Index?€?s movements during the day will affect whether the Fund?€?s portfolio needs to be re-positioned. For example, if the Index has fallen on a given day, net assets of the Fund should rise, meaning that the Fund?€?s exposure will need to be increased. Conversely, if the Index has risen on a given day, net assets of the Fund should fall, meaning the Fund?€?s exposure will need to be reduced. This re-positioning strategy may result in high portfolio turnover. The terms ?€?daily,?€? ?€?day,?€? and ?€?trading day,?€? refer to the period from the close of the markets on one trading day to the close of the markets on the next trading day. Because of daily rebalancing and the compounding of each day?€?s return over time, the return of the Fund for periods longer than a single day will be the result of each day?€?s returns compounded over the period, which will very likely differ from -300% of the return of the Index over the same period. The Fund will lose money if the Index performance is flat over time, and as a result of daily rebalancing, the Index?€?s volatility and the effects of compounding, it is even possible that the Fund will lose money over time while the Index's performance decreases over a period longer than a single day.
Hingham Institution for Savings (the Bank) provides a range of financial services to individuals and small businesses through its 10 offices in Boston and southeastern Massachusetts. Its deposit products are savings, checking, and term certificate accounts, and its lending products are residential and commercial mortgage loans. The Bank's subsidiaries include Hingham Securities Corporation II and Hingham Unpledged Securities Corporation, which hold title to certain securities available for sale, and Dunbar-Walnut, LLC and Taunton Oak Street, LLC which hold certain foreclosed properties.
Hartford Financial Services Group Inc., formerly The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc., is an insurance and financial services company. The Company is a provider of investment products and life, property, and casualty insurance to both individual and business customers in the United States of America. The Company maintains a retail mutual fund operation, whereby the Company, through wholly owned subsidiaries, provides investment management and administrative services to The Hartford Mutual Funds, Inc. and The Hartford Mutual Funds II, Inc. (collectively, mutual funds), consisting of 57 mutual funds, as of December 31, 2011. The Company operates in four segments: Commercial Markets, Consumer Markets, Wealth Management and Runoff Operations. In October 2011, the Company sold Trumbull Services, LLC to ExlService Holdings, Inc.

H.I.G. Acquisition Corp Units each consisting of one Class A ordinary share 0.0001 par value and onethird of one redeemable warrant
Highway Holdings is an international manufacturer of a wide variety of high-quality parts and products for blue chip equipment manufacturers based primarily in Germany. Highway Holdings?€? administrative offices are located in Hong Kong and its manufacturing facilities are located in Yangon, Myanmar and Shenzhen, China.
Huntington Ingalls Industries is America?€?s largest military shipbuilding company and a provider of professional services to partners in government and industry. For more than a century, HII?€?s Newport News and Ingalls shipbuilding divisions in Virginia and Mississippi have built more ships in more ship classes than any other U.S. naval shipbuilder. HII?€?s Technical Solutions division supports national security missions around the globe with unmanned systems, defense and federal solutions, and nuclear and environmental services. Headquartered in Newport News, Virginia, HII employs more than 42,000 people operating both domestically and internationally.
Hill International, with approximately 2,700 professionals in 69 offices worldwide, provides program management, project management, construction management, and other consulting services to clients in a variety of market sectors. Engineering News-Record magazine recently ranked Hill as the eighth-largest construction management firm in the United States.
Himax Technologies, Inc. is a fabless semiconductor solution provider dedicated to display imaging processing technologies. Himax is a worldwide market leader in display driver ICs and timing controllers used in TVs, laptops, monitors, mobile phones, tablets, digital cameras, car navigation, virtual reality (VR) devices and many other consumer electronics devices. Additionally, Himax designs and provides controllers for touch sensor displays, in-cell Touch and Display Driver Integration (TDDI) single-chip solutions, LED driver ICs, power management ICs, scaler products for monitors and projectors, tailor-made video processing IC solutions, silicon IPs and LCOS micro-displays for augmented reality (AR) devices and heads-up displays (HUD) for automotive. The Company also offers digital camera solutions, including CMOS image sensors and wafer level optics for AR devices, 3D sensing and machine vision, which are used in a wide variety of applications such as mobile phones, tablets, laptops, TVs, PC cameras, automobiles, security, medical devices and Internet of Things. Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Tainan, Taiwan, Himax currently employs around 2,000 people from three Taiwan-based offices in Tainan, Hsinchu and Taipei and country offices in China, Korea, Japan, Israel and the US. Himax has 2,915 patents granted and 551 patents pending approval worldwide as of September 30 th, 2020. Himax has retained its position as the leading display imaging processing semiconductor solution provider to consumer electronics brands worldwide. http://www.himax.com.tw Forward Looking Statements Factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially include, but not limited to, general business and economic conditions and the state of the semiconductor industry; market acceptance and competitiveness of the driver and non-driver products developed by the Company; demand for end-use applications products; reliance on a small group of principal customers; the uncertainty of continued success in technological innovations; our ability to develop and protect our intellectual property; pricing pressures including declines in average selling prices; changes in customer order patterns; changes in estimated full-year effective tax rate; shortages in supply of key components; changes in environmental laws and regulations; exchange rate fluctuations; regulatory approvals for further investments in our subsidiaries; our ability to collect accounts receivable and manage inventory and other risks described from time to time in the Company's SEC filings, including those risks identified in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in its Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed with the SEC, as may be amended. Company Contacts: Eric Li, C hief IR/PR Officer Himax Technologies, Inc. Tel: +886-6-505-0880 Ext.
Highwoods Properties, Inc., headquartered in Raleigh, is a publicly-traded real estate investment trust (?€?REIT?€?) and a member of the S&P MidCap 400 Index. Highwoods is a fully-integrated office REIT that owns, develops, acquires, leases and manages properties primarily in the best business districts (BBDs) of Atlanta, Charlotte, Nashville, Orlando, Pittsburgh, Raleigh, Richmond and Tampa.
HJLI specializes in developing and manufacturing bioprosthetic (tissue-based) medical devices to establish improved standards of care for treating cardiac and vascular diseases. HJLI currently has two lead product candidates: the VenoValve??, a porcine based valve which is intended to be surgically implanted in the deep venous system of the leg to treat reflux associated with Chronic Venous Insufficiency; and the CoreoGraft??, a bovine tissue-based off the shelf conduit intended to be used for coronary artery bypass surgery.
Hancock Jaffe Laboratories Inc - Warrants (30/05/2023)
Amtd International Inc ADR
Founded in 1891, Hecla Mining Company is a leading low-cost U.S. silver producer with operating mines in Alaska, Idaho, and Mexico and is a gold producer with operating mines in Quebec, Canada and Nevada. The Company also has exploration and pre-development properties in eight world-class silver and gold mining districts in the U.S., Canada and Mexico, and an exploration office and investments in early-stage silver exploration projects in Canada.
Hecla Mining Company Preferred Stock
Herbalife Nutrition is a global company that has been changing people's lives with great nutrition products and a proven business opportunity for its independent distributors since 1980. The Company offers high-quality, science-backed products, sold in over 90 countries by entrepreneurial distributors who provide one-on-one coaching and a supportive community that inspires their customers to embrace a healthier, more active lifestyle. Through the Company?€?s global campaign to eradicate hunger, Herbalife Nutrition is also committed to bringing nutrition and education to communities around the world.
Hailiang Education is one of the largest primary, middle, and high school educational service providers in??China. The Company primarily focuses on providing distinguished, specialized, and internationalized education. Hailiang Education is dedicated to providing students with high-quality primary, middle, and high school, and international educational services and highly valuing the quality of students' life, study, and development. Hailiang Education adapts its education services based upon its students' individual aptitudes. Hailiang Education is devoted to improving its students' academic capabilities, cultural accomplishments, and international perspectives. Hailiang Education operates multilingual programs including Chinese, English, Spanish, Japanese, Korean, and French. In addition, Hailiang Education has launched various diversified high-quality courses, such as Mathematical Olympiad courses, A-level courses, Australia Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE) courses, IELTS courses, TOEFL courses, as well as SAT courses. The Company has also formed an extensive cooperative network with more than 200 educational institutions and universities globally. Hailiang Education is committed to making great effort to provide its students with greater opportunities to enroll in well-known domestic and international universities to further their education.
Houlihan Lokey is a global investment bank with expertise in mergers and acquisitions, capital markets, financial restructuring, and valuation. The firm serves corporations, institutions, and governments worldwide with offices in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific region. Independent advice and intellectual rigor are hallmarks of the firm's commitment to client success across its advisory services. Houlihan Lokey is the No. 1 M&A advisor for the past five consecutive years in the U.S., the No. 1 global restructuring advisor for the past six consecutive years, and the No. 1 global M&A fairness opinion advisor over the past 20 years, all based on number of transactions and according to data provided by Refinitiv (formerly Thomson Reuters).
Sun Hydraulics Corporation (Sun) designs, manufactures, and sells screw-in cartridge valves and manifolds used in hydraulic systems. The Company has facilities in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, Korea, France, and China. Sun Hydraulik Holdings Limited (Sun Holdings), a wholly owned subsidiary of Sun was formed to provide a holding company for the European market operations; its wholly owned subsidiaries are Sun Hydraulics Limited (Sun Ltd.) and Sun Hydraulik GmbH (Sun GmbH). Sun Ltd. operates a manufacturing and distribution facility located in Coventry, England, and Sun GmbH operates a manufacturing and distribution facility located in Erkelenz, Germany. Sun Hydraulics Korea Corporation (Sun Korea), a wholly owned subsidiary of Sun, operates a manufacturing and distribution facility. On September 27, 2011, Sun acquired High Country Tek, Inc. (HCT).
Harmonic, the worldwide leader in virtualized cable access and video delivery solutions, enables media companies and service providers to deliver ultra-high-quality video streaming and broadcast services to consumers globally. The company revolutionized cable access networking via the industry's first virtualized cable access solution, enabling cable operators to more flexibly deploy gigabit internet service to consumers' homes and mobile devices. Whether simplifying OTT video delivery via innovative cloud and software platforms, or powering the delivery of gigabit internet cable services, Harmonic is changing the way media companies and service providers monetize live and on-demand content on every screen.
Hillman Group Capital Trust Preferred Stock
Hamilton Lane is a leading alternative investment management firm providing innovative private markets solutions to sophisticated investors around the world. Dedicated to private markets investing for 29 years, the firm currently employs over 400 professionals operating in offices throughout North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and the Middle East. Hamilton Lane has approximately $547 billion in assets under management and supervision, composed of approximately $73 billion in discretionary assets and over $474 billion in advisory assets, as of September 30, 2020. Hamilton Lane offers a full range of investment products and services that enable clients to participate in the private markets asset class on a global and customized basis.
Curio Collection by Hilton is an upper-upscale, global portfolio of more than 90 one-of-a-kind hotels and resorts. Curio Collection properties offer travelers authentic, curated experiences through distinctly local offerings and elevated amenities, while providing the benefits of Hilton and its award-winning guest loyalty program Hilton Honors. Read the latest brand and hotel stories at newsroom.hilton.com/curio, and connect with Curio Collection on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. About Hilton Hilton is a leading global hospitality company with a portfolio of 18 world-class brands comprising more than 6,200 properties with more than 983,000 rooms, in 118 countries and territories. Hilton is a leading global hospitality company with a portfolio of 18 world-class brands comprising more than 6,200 properties with more than 983,000 rooms, in 118 countries and territories. Dedicated to fulfilling its mission to be the world's most hospitable company, Hilton welcomed more than 3 billion guests in its 100-year history, earned a top spot on the 2019 World's Best Workplaces list, and was named the 2019 Global Industry Leader on the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices. In 2020, Hilton CleanStay was introduced, bringing an industry-defining standard of cleanliness and disinfection to hotels worldwide. Through the award-winning guest loyalty program Hilton Honors,??the 108 million members who book directly with Hilton can earn Points for hotel stays and experiences money can't buy, plus enjoy instant benefits, including digital check-in with room selection, Digital Key, and Connected Room.
Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc., headquartered in Houston, Texas, is an international offshore energy services company that provides specialty services to the offshore energy industry, with a focus on well intervention and robotics operations.
Helix Acquisition Corp - Class A
Honda Motor Co., Ltd. manufactures and sells motorcycles, automobiles, and power products. It operates through four segments: Motorcycle Business, Automobile Business, Financial Services Business, and Power Product and Other Businesses. The Motorcycle Business segment offers business and commuter models, as well as sports models, including trial and moto-cross racing motorcycle; all??terrain vehicles; and multi utility vehicles. The Automobile Business segment manufactures various automobile products, such as passenger cars, light trucks, and mini vehicles. The Financial Services Business segment provides various financial services comprising retail lending, leasing, and other financial services consisting of wholesale financing to dealers and customers. The Power Product and Other Businesses segment manufactures various power products, including tillers, portable generators, general-purpose engines, grass cutters, outboard marine engines, water pumps, snow throwers, power carriers, power sprayers, lawn mowers, and lawn tractors. It also offers compact home-use cogeneration units. The company sells its products through independent retail dealers, outlets, and authorized dealerships primarily in Japan, North America, Europe, and rest of Asia. Honda Motor Co., Ltd. was founded in 1946 and is based in Tokyo, Japan.
HMG/Courtland Properties, Inc. and subsidiaries (HMG) is engaged in the ownership and management of income-producing commercial properties. The Company's commercial properties are located in the Coconut Grove section of Miami, Florida and consist of a luxury resort on a private island known as Grove Isle with a 50-room hotel, restaurant/banquet facilities, spa, tennis courts and marina with 85 dockage slips and a 50% leasehold interest in Monty's, a facility consisting of a 16,000 square foot indoor/outdoor seafood restaurant adjacent to a marina with 132 dockage slips and a 40,000 square foot office/retail mall building with approximately 24,000 net rentable square feet. The Company's rental and related revenue during the year ended December 31, 2009, were generated approximately 66% from the Grove Isle property and 34% from the Monty's property.
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt is a learning technology company committed to delivering connected solutions that engage learners, empower educators and improve student outcomes. As a leading provider of K?€?12 core curriculum, supplemental and intervention solutions, and professional learning services, HMH partners with educators and school districts to uncover solutions that unlock students' potential and extend teachers' capabilities. HMH serves more than 50??million students and 3??million educators in 150 countries, while its award-winning children's books, novels, non-fiction, and reference titles are enjoyed by readers throughout the world.
Huami Corporation American Depositary Shares each representing four Class A
H??egh LNG Partners LP is a growth-oriented limited partnership formed by H??egh LNG Holdings Ltd. (Oslo B??rs ticker: HLNG), a leading floating LNG service provider. HMLP's strategy is to own, operate and acquire floating storage and regasification units ("FSRUs") and associated LNG infrastructure assets under long-term charters. It has interests in five FSRUs that have an industry leading average remaining firm contract duration of 9.5 years plus options as of December 31, 2019.
Hoegh LNG Partners LP 8.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units
Horace Mann Educators Corporation (HMEC) is an insurance holding company. The Company through its subsidiaries markets and underwrites personal lines of property and casualty (primarily personal lines automobile and homeowners) insurance, retirement annuities (primarily tax-qualified products) and life insurance in the United States of America. HMEC's principal insurance subsidiaries are Horace Mann Life Insurance Company (HMLIC), Horace Mann Insurance Company (HMIC), Horace Mann Property & Casualty Insurance Company (HMPCIC) and Teachers Insurance Company (TIC), each of which is an Illinois corporation, and Horace Mann Lloyds (HM Lloyds), an insurance company domiciled in Texas. The three operating segments are: property and casualty insurance, annuity products and life insurance.
HMN Financial, Inc. operates as the holding company for Home Federal Savings Bank that provides community banking services in Minnesota and Iowa. The company offers various deposit products to retail and commercial customers, including savings accounts, negotiable order of withdrawal, money market, non-interest bearing checking, and certificate accounts comprising individual retirement accounts. It also provides one-to-four family residential, commercial real estate and multi-family loans, construction loans, and commercial business loans, as well as consumer loans, including home equity loans, automobile loans, mobile home loans, lot loans, loans secured by deposit accounts, and other loans for household and personal purposes. In addition, the company offers financial planning products and services; and operates foreclosed properties. It serves its customers through corporate office located in Rochester, Minnesota and its seven branch offices located in Albert Lea, Austin, La Crescent, Rochester, Spring Valley, and Winona, Minnesota; a loan origination office in Sartell, Minnesota; and two private banking offices located in Rochester, Minnesota. HMN Financial, Inc. was founded in 1933 and is based in Rochester, Minnesota.
HomeStreet, Inc. is a diversified financial services company headquartered in Seattle, Washington, serving consumers and businesses in the Western United States and Hawaii through its various operating subsidiaries. The Company is principally engaged in real estate lending, including mortgage banking activities, and commercial and consumer banking. Its principal subsidiaries are HomeStreet Bank and HomeStreet Capital Corporation.
HMS Holdings Corp. (HMS) provides cost containment services to Government and private healthcare payers and sponsors. Its services ensure that healthcare claims are paid correctly, and its coordination of benefits services ensure that they are paid by the responsible party. Together, these services help clients recover amounts from liable third parties; prevent future improper payments; reduce fraud, waste and abuse; and ensure regulatory compliance. Its clients are the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS); state Medicaid agencies; commercial health plans, including Medicaid managed care, Medicare Advantage, and group health lines of business; government and private employers; Pharmacy Benefit Managers (PBMs); child support agencies; the Veterans Health Administration (VHA); and other healthcare payers and sponsors. In December 2012, the Company acquired the assets and liabilities of MRM, which provides Workers' Compensation recovery services for commercial health plans.
Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. (HMTV) is the only publicly traded pure-play U.S. media company targeting the high-growth U.S. Hispanic and Latin American markets with leading television and digital content platforms.
Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited (Harmony) is engaged in conducting underground and surface gold mining and related activities, including exploration, processing and smelting. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2012 (fiscal 2012), its mining operations reported total proven and probable reserves of 52.9 million ounces (including gold equivalent ounces), primarily from South African sources. During fiscal 2012, we processed 20.7 million tons of ore. During fiscal 2012, approximately 84% of its gold came from the Company's South African underground mines, and approximately 9% came from its South African surface operations (which include the Kalgold opencast operation and the Phoenix operation). The Company conducts surface mining at four sites which include Free State (also known as Phoenix); Freegold; Kalgold; and Target.
Hanger, Inc. delivers orthotic and prosthetic (O&P) patient care, and distributes O&P products and rehabilitative solutions to the broader market. Hanger's Patient Care segment is the largest owner and operator of O&P patient care clinics with approximately 800 locations nationwide. Through its Products & Services segment, Hanger distributes branded and private label O&P devices, products and components, and provides rehabilitative solutions. With nearly 160 years of clinical excellence and innovation, Hanger's vision is to lead the orthotic and prosthetic markets by providing superior patient care, outcomes, services and value.
HNI Corporation is a manufacturer of workplace furnishings and building products, operating under two segments. The workplace furnishings segment is a leading global designer and provider of commercial furnishings, going to market under multiple unique brands. The residential building products segment is the nation's leading manufacturer and marketer of hearth products, which include a full array of gas, electric, wood, and pellet-burning fireplaces, inserts, stoves, facings, and accessories.
Hennessy Advisors, Inc. is a publicly traded investment manager offering a broad range of domestic equity, multi-asset, and sector and specialty mutual funds. Hennessy Advisors, Inc. is committed to providing superior service to shareholders and employing a consistent and disciplined approach to investing based on a buy?€?and?€?hold philosophy that rejects the idea of market timing. Supplemental Information Nothing in this press release shall be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell a security to any person in any jurisdiction where such offer, solicitation, purchase, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.
Huaneng Power International, Inc. is one of China's largest listed power producers with controlled generation capacity of 111,971 MW and equity-based generation capacity of 98,217 MW. The power plants of the Company are located in 26 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China. The Company also has a wholly-owned power company in Singapore, and an invested power company in Pakistan. SOURCE Huaneng Power International, Inc.
Hallador Energy Company is engaged in underground coal mining in the state of Indiana through Sunrise Coal LLC (a wholly owned subsidiary) serving the electric power generation industry. The Company also owns a 45% equity interest in Savoy Energy, L.P., which is a private oil and gas company with operations in Michigan. The Company had invested 50% interest in Sunrise Energy, LLC. Sunrise Energy focuses to develop and explore for coal-bed methane gas reserves on or near its underground coal reserves. Through its Denver operations, the Company also leases oil and gas mineral rights with the focus to sell the prospects to third parties and retain an overriding royalty interest (ORRI) or carried interest. Its customers include Duke Energy Corporation, Hoosier Energy and Indianapolis Power & Light Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of The AES Corporation. During 2011, the Company sold 300,000 tons of coal to Jacksonville Electric Authority (JEA).
Hooker Furniture Corporation, in its 97th year of business, is a designer, marketer, and importer of casegoods (wooden and metal furniture), leather-and fabric-upholstered furniture for the residential, hospitality, and contract markets. The Company also operates U.S. production of premium residential custom leather and custom fabric-upholstered furniture. It is ranked among the nation?€?s largest publicly traded furniture sources, based on 2019 shipments to U.S. retailers, according to a 2020 survey by a leading trade publication. About Home Meridian International Furnishing the Future is not just a mantra, but a corporate standard of operation at HMI, a division of Hooker Furniture. HMI is a next-generation global design and marketing company. The proud parent of a family of brands that covers a wide spectrum of home furnishing categories, HMI is uniquely positioned to use economies of scale to create exceptional value for its retail and e-commerce partners. With a commitment to adaptability and continuous improvement, HMI provides the right product at the right time and the right price. For more information, contact: Paul B. Toms Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phone: (276) 632-2133, or Paul A. Huckfeldt, Senior Vice President, Finance & Accounting & Chief Financial Officer Phone: (276) 666-3949
The Hall of Fame Resort & Entertainment Company is a resort and entertainment company leveraging the power and popularity of professional football and its legendary players in partnership with the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Headquartered in Canton, Ohio, the Hall of Fame Resort & Entertainment Company is the owner of the Hall of Fame Village powered by Johnson Controls, a multi-use sports, entertainment and media destination centered around the Pro Football Hall of Fame's campus.
Hall of Fame Resort & Entertainment Company Warrants 24012023
Harley-Davidson, Inc. is the parent company of Harley-Davidson Motor Company and Harley-Davidson Financial Services. Our vision: Building our legend and leading our industry through innovation, evolution and emotion. Our mission: More than building machines, we stand for the timeless pursuit of adventure. Freedom for the soul. Since 1903, Harley-Davidson has defined motorcycle culture with an expanding range of leading-edge, distinctive and customizable motorcycles in addition to riding experiences and exceptional motorcycle accessories, riding gear and apparel. Harley-Davidson Financial Services provides financing, insurance and other programs to help get Harley-Davidson riders on the road.

HOLI ) Hollysys is a leading automation control system solutions provider in??China, with overseas operations in eight other countries and regions throughout??Asia. Leveraging its proprietary technology and deep industry know-how, Hollysys empowers its customers with enhanced operational safety, reliability, efficiency, and intelligence which are critical to their businesses. Hollysys derives its revenues mainly from providing integrated solutions for industrial automation and rail transportation. In industrial automation, Hollysys delivers the full spectrum of automation hardware, software, and services spanning field devices, control systems, enterprise manufacturing management and cloud-based applications. In rail transportation, Hollysys provides advanced signaling control and SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition) systems for high-speed rail and urban rail (including subways). Founded in 1993, with technical expertise and innovation, Hollysys has grown from a research team specializing in automation control in the power industry into a group providing integrated automation control system solutions for customers in diverse industry verticals. Hollysys had cumulatively carried out more than 25,000 projects for approximately 15,000 customers in various sectors including power, petrochemical, high-speed rail, and urban rail, in which Hollysys has established leading market positions.
Holicity Inc Unit 1 Com & 13 Wt Exp 2025
Holicity Inc - Warrants (04/08/2027)
Hologic, Inc. is an innovative medical technology company primarily focused on improving women?€?s health and well-being through early detection and treatment.
Home BancShares, Inc. (Home BancShares), incorporated on September 01, 1989, is a bank holding company. The Company is primarily engaged in providing a range of commercial and retail banking and related financial services to businesses, real estate developers and investors, individuals and municipalities through its wholly owned community bank subsidiary - Centennial Bank (the Bank). At December 31, 2012, commercial real estate loans represented 56.7% gross loans. As of December 31, 2012, the Company conducted business principally through 43 branches located in Central Arkansas, two branches in North Central Arkansas, two branches in Southern Arkansas, nine branches in the Florida Keys, nine branches in Central Florida, three branches in Southwestern Florida, 33 branches in the Florida Panhandle and seven branches in South Alabama. In October 2013, Home BancShares Inc acquired Liberty Bancshares, Inc.
At Home, the home d??cor superstore, offers more than 50,000 on-trend home products to fit any budget or style, from furniture, mirrors, rugs, art and housewares to tabletop, patio and seasonal d??cor. At Home is headquartered in Plano, Texas, and currently operates 219 stores in 40 states. HOME-F
Honeywell ( www.honeywell.com ) is a Fortune 100 technology company that delivers industry specific solutions that include aerospace products and services; control technologies for buildings and industry; and performance materials globally. Our technologies help aircraft, buildings, manufacturing plants, supply chains, and workers become more connected to make our world smarter, safer, and more sustainable.
HarborOne Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for HarborOne Bank, a Massachusetts-chartered savings bank. HarborOne Bank serves the financial needs of consumers, businesses, and municipalities throughout Eastern Massachusetts and Rhode Island through a network of 25 full-service branches located in Massachusetts and Rhode Island, one limited service branch and a commercial lending office in each of Boston, Massachusetts and Providence, Rhode Island. The Bank also provides a range of educational services through ?€?HarborOne U,?€? with classes on small business, financial literacy and personal enrichment at two campuses located adjacent to our Brockton and Mansfield locations. HarborOne Mortgage, LLC, a subsidiary of HarborOne Bank, is a full-service mortgage lender with more than 30 offices in Massachusetts, Rhode Island, New Hampshire, Maine, New Jersey and Florida and is licensed to lend in four additional states.
Craft Brew Alliance Inc
Hope Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company of Bank of Hope, the first and only super regional Korean-American bank in the United States with $17.2 billion in total assets as of June 30, 2020. Headquartered in Los Angeles and serving a multi-ethnic population of customers across the nation, Bank of Hope operates 58 full-service branches in California, Washington, Texas, Illinois, New York, New Jersey, Virginia and Alabama. The Bank also operates SBA loan production offices in Seattle, Denver, Dallas, Atlanta, Portland, Oregon, New York City, Northern California and Houston; commercial loan production offices in Northern California and Seattle; residential mortgage loan production offices in Southern California; and a representative office in Seoul, Korea. Bank of Hope specializes in core business banking products for small and medium-sized businesses, with an emphasis in commercial real estate and commercial lending, SBA lending and international trade financing. Bank of Hope is a California-chartered bank, and its deposits are insured by the FDIC to the extent provided by law. Bank of Hope is an Equal Opportunity Lender.
Hoth Therapeutics, Inc. is??a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing new generation therapies for dermatological disorders. Hoth's pipeline has the potential to improve the quality of life for patients suffering from indications including atopic dermatitis, chronic wounds, psoriasis, asthma and acne. Hoth has also recently entered into two different agreements to further the development of??two different vaccine prospects to prevent or treat COVID-19.
Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., founded in 1959 by Kevork S. Hovnanian, is headquartered in Matawan, New Jersey and, through its subsidiaries, is one of the nation?€?s largest homebuilders with operations in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, Washington, D.C. and West Virginia. The Company?€?s homes are marketed and sold under the trade name K. Hovnanian ?? Homes. Additionally, the Company?€?s subsidiaries, as developers of K. Hovnanian?€?s ?? Four Seasons communities, make the Company one of the nation?€?s largest builders of active lifestyle communities.
Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. designs, constructs, markets, and sells residential homes in the United States. It constructs single-family detached homes, attached townhomes and condominiums, urban infill, and active adult homes. The company markets its build homes for first-time buyers, first-time and second-time move-up buyers, luxury buyers, active adult buyers, and empty nesters in 201 communities in 34 markets. It also provides financial services comprising originating mortgages from homebuyers and selling such mortgages in the secondary market, as well as offers title insurance services. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. was founded in 1959 and is headquartered in Red Bank, New Jersey.
Founded in 1920, Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (H&P) is committed to delivering industry leading drilling productivity and reliability. H&P operates with the highest level of integrity, safety and innovation to deliver superior results for our customers and returns for shareholders. Through its subsidiaries, the Company designs, fabricates and operates high-performance drilling rigs in conventional and unconventional plays around the world. H&P also develops and implements advanced automation, directional drilling and survey management technologies.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise is the global edge-to-cloud platform-as-a-service company that helps organizations accelerate outcomes by unlocking value from all of their data, everywhere. Built on decades of reimagining the future and innovating to advance the way we live and work, HPE delivers unique, open and intelligent technology solutions, with a consistent experience across all clouds and edges, to help customers develop new business models, engage in new ways, and increase operational performance.
HighPeak Energy, Inc. is a publicly traded independent oil and natural gas company, headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas, focused on the acquisition, development, exploration and exploitation of unconventional oil and natural gas reserves in the Midland Basin in West Texas.
HighPeak Energy Inc
Hudson Pacific is a real estate investment trust with a portfolio of office and studio properties totaling nearly 19 million square feet, including land for development. Focused on premier West Coast epicenters of innovation, media and technology, its anchor tenants include Fortune 500 and leading growth companies such as Netflix, Google, Square, Uber, NFL Enterprises and more. Hudson Pacific is publicly traded on the NYSE under the symbol HPP and listed as a component of the S&P MidCap 400 Index.
HP Inc. creates technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere. Through our product and service portfolio of personal systems, printers and 3D printing solutions, we engineer experiences that amaze.
HighPoint Resources Corp

HPX Corp. Units each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and onehalf of one redeemable warrant
HPX Corp - Warrants (14/07/2025)
Command Center and its subsidiary Hire Quest, LLC (?€?Hire Quest?€?) provide flexible on-demand employment solutions to businesses in the United States, primarily in the areas of construction, light industrial, manufacturing, hospitality and event services. Through more than 146 franchised and corporately-owned field offices in 31 states and the District of Columbia, the Company, through Hire Quest, provides employment annually for approximately 85,000 field team members working for thousands of clients.
HealthEquity??administers health savings accounts (HSAs) and other consumer directed benefits for nearly 12 million members in partnership with employers, benefits advisors and health and retirement plan providers who share our mission to connect health and wealth and value our culture of remarkable ?€?Purple?€? service.
Healthcare Realty Trust Incorporated (Healthcare Realty) is a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT) that owns, acquires, manages, finances and develops income-producing real estate properties associated with the delivery of outpatient healthcare services throughout the United States. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company disposed of five real estate properties. In January 2012, the Company purchased a 58,295 square foot medical office building in South Dakota. In February 2012, the Company purchased a 23,312 square foot medical office building in North Carolina. The property is 100% leased by two tenants. In January 2012, the Company disposed of two medical office buildings located in Texas. In January 2012, an inpatient facility under construction in South Dakota that was being funded by the Company through a mortgage note was sold. Effective October 22, 2013, Healthcare Realty Trust Inc acquired First Hill Medical Building.
H&R Block, Inc. (H&R Block) through its subsidiaries provides tax preparation and banking services. The Company's Tax Services segment provides assisted income tax return preparation, digital tax solutions and other services and products related to income tax return preparation to the general public primarily in the United States and its territories, Canada and Australia. This segment also offers financial services through H&R Block Bank (HRB Bank). In addition to the Company's Tax Services segment, the Company separately reports corporate operations which include net interest margin and gains or losses relating to mortgage loans held for investment, real estate owned and residual interests in securitizations, along with interest expense on borrowings, other corporate expenses and eliminations of intercompany activities. Through ownership of HRB Bank, the Company is a savings and loans holding company (SLHC).
Hill-Rom??is a leading global medical technology company with more than 10,000 employees worldwide. We partner with health care providers in more than 100 countries, across all care settings, by focusing on patient care solutions that improve clinical and economic outcomes in five core areas: Advancing Mobility, Wound Care and Prevention, Patient Monitoring and Diagnostics, Surgical Safety and??Efficiency and Respiratory Health. Our innovations ensure caregivers have the products they need to help diagnose, treat and protect their patients; speed up recoveries; and manage conditions. Every day, around the world, we enhance outcomes for patients and their caregivers.

Inspired People. Inspired Food.??? Hormel Foods Corporation, based in Austin, Minn., is a global branded food company with over $9 billion in annual revenue across more than 80 countries worldwide. Its brands include SKIPPY ??, SPAM ??, Hormel ?? Natural Choice ??, Applegate ??, Justin's ??, Wholly ??, Hormel ?? Black Label ??, Columbus ?? and more than 30 other beloved brands. The company is a member of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats, was named on the "Global 2000 World's Best Employers" list by Forbes magazine for three straight years, is one of Fortune magazine's most admired companies, has appeared on Corporate Responsibility Magazine's "The 100 Best Corporate Citizens" list for the 12th year in a row, and has received numerous other awards and accolades for its corporate responsibility and community service efforts. The company lives by its purpose statement ?€? Inspired People. Inspired Food.??? ?€? to bring some of the world's most trusted and iconic brands to tables across the globe.
Harmony Biosciences Holdings Inc
Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company developing non-invasive, topically delivered products. The Company's Transdel cream formulation technology is designed to facilitate the effective penetration of a variety of products through the tough skin barrier. Ketotransdel, the Company's lead pain product, utilizes the Transdel platform technology to deliver the active drug, ketoprofen, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), through the skin directly into the underlying tissues where the drug exerts its anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects. Ketotransdel consists of a transdermal formulation of ketoprofen, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), and its Transdel drug delivery system and is being developed for the treatment of acute pain. In July 2013, it acquired intellectual property for IPI-120 from Buderer Drug Company.
Heritage Insurance Holdings, Inc. is a super-regional property and casualty insurance holding company. Through its insurance subsidiaries and a large network of experienced agents, the Company writes over $1 billion of gross personal and commercial residential premium across its multi-state footprint.
Heron Therapeutics, Inc.??is a commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on improving the lives of patients by developing best-in-class treatments to address some of the most important unmet patient needs. Heron is developing novel, patient-focused solutions that apply its innovative science and technologies to already-approved pharmacological agents for patients suffering from pain or cancer.
Horizon Technology Finance Corporation is a leading specialty finance company that provides capital in the form of secured loans to venture capital backed companies in the technology, life science, healthcare information and services, and sustainability industries. The investment objective of Horizon is to maximize its investment portfolio's return by generating current income from the debt investments it makes and capital appreciation from the warrants it receives when making such debt investments. Headquartered in Farmington, Connecticut, Horizon also has regional offices in Pleasanton, California and Reston, Virginia.
Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2
HSBC Holdings plc provides banking and financial products and services. It operates through four businesses Retail Banking and Wealth Management, Commercial Banking, Global Banking and Markets, and Global Private Banking. The company??s Retail Banking and Wealth Management business offers a range of personal banking products and services, including current and savings accounts, mortgages and personal loans, credit cards, debit cards, and local and international payment services; and wealth management services comprising insurance and investment products, asset management services, and financial planning services. Its Commercial Banking business provides overdrafts, corporate cards, term and syndicated loans, leveraged financing, and acquisition and project financing; international trade and receivables finance; treasury management solutions; payments and cash management services; and insurance and investment products to commercial customers, including small and medium-sized enterprises, mid-market enterprises, and corporates. The company??s Global Banking and Markets business is involved in the provision of financing, advisory, and transaction services, as well as services in credit, rates, foreign exchange, equities, money markets and securities services; and principal investment activities to government, corporate and institutional clients, and private investors. Its Global Private Banking business provides private banking, investment management and private wealth solutions to high net worth and ultra-high net worth individuals and their families. The company operates through approximately 6,100 offices in Europe, Asia, the Middle East, North Africa, North America, and Latin America. HSBC Holdings plc was founded in 1865 and is based in London, United Kingdom.
HSBC Holdings plc. ADR SER A REP 1/40 PFD SER A
Harsco Corporation is a global market leader providing environmental solutions for industrial and specialty waste streams, and innovative technologies for the rail industry. Based in Camp Hill, PA, the 13,000-employee company operates in more than 30 countries. Harsco?€?s common stock is a component of the S&P SmallCap 600 Index and the Russell 2000 Index.
Helius Medical Technologies is a neurotech company focused on neurological wellness. The Company?€?s purpose is to develop, license and acquire unique and non-invasive platform technologies that amplify the brain?€?s ability to heal itself. The Company?€?s first commercial product is the Portable Neuromodulation Stimulator (PoNS???).
Henry Schein, Inc. is a solutions company for health care professionals powered by a network of people and technology. With approximately 19,000 Team Schein Members worldwide, the Company?€?s network of trusted advisors provides more than 1 million customers globally with more than 300 valued solutions that improve operational success and clinical outcomes. Our Business, Clinical, Technology, and Supply Chain solutions help office-based dental and medical practitioners work more efficiently so they can provide quality care more effectively. These solutions also support dental laboratories, government and institutional health care clinics, as well as other alternate care sites. Henry Schein operates through a centralized and automated distribution network, with a selection of more than 120,000 branded products and Henry Schein private-brand products in stock, as well as more than 180,000 additional products available as special-order items. A FORTUNE 500 Company and a member of the S&P 500 ?? index, Henry Schein is headquartered in Melville, N.Y., and has operations or affiliates in 31 countries. The Company's sales from continuing operations reached $10.0 billion in 2019, and have grown at a compound annual rate of approximately 13 percent since Henry Schein became a public company in 1995.
Heidrick & Struggles serves the senior-level talent and leadership needs of the world's top organizations as a trusted advisor across executive search, leadership assessment and development, organization and team effectiveness, and culture shaping services. Heidrick & Struggles pioneered the profession of executive search more than 65 years ago. Today, the firm provides integrated leadership solutions to help our clients change the world, one leadership team at a time.?? www.heidrick.com Non-GAAP Financial Measures To supplement the financial results presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP"), Heidrick & Struggles presents certain non-GAAP financial measures. A "non-GAAP financial measure" is defined as a numerical measure of a company's financial performance that excludes or includes amounts different than the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in the statements of comprehensive income, balance sheets or statements of cash flow of the company. Pursuant to the requirements of Regulation G, this earnings release contains the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to the non-GAAP financial measure. The non-GAAP financial measures used within this earnings release are adjusted operating income, adjusted operating income margin, adjusted net income, adjusted basic and diluted earnings per share, adjusted effective tax rate, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin and impacts of foreign currency on current period results using prior period translation rates. These measures are presented because management uses this information to monitor and evaluate financial results and trends. Management believes this information is also useful for investors. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures with the most directly comparable measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are provided as schedules attached to this release. Adjusted operating income reflects the exclusion of impairment charges for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020. Adjusted operating income margin refers to adjusted operating income as a percentage of net revenue in the same period. Adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share reflect the exclusion of impairment charges for the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2020. Adjusted effective tax rate reflects the exclusion of impairment charges for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020 A reconciliation of adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income, adjusted basic and diluted earnings per share and adjusted effective tax rate with the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP is provided in this release. Adjusted EBITDA refers to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, intangible amortization, equity- settled stock compensation expense, earnout accretion expense related to acquisitions, contingent compensation related to acquisitions, restructuring charges, and other non-operating income (expense). Adjusted EBITDA margin refers to adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net revenue in the same period. The company evaluates its results of operations on both an as reported and a constant currency basis. The constant currency presentation is a non-GAAP financial measure, which excludes the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The company believes providing constant currency information provides valuable supplemental information regarding its results of operations, consistent with how it evaluates its performance. The company calculates constant currency percentages by converting its financial results in a local currency for a period using the average exchange rate for the prior period to which it is comparing. This calculation may differ from similarly-titled measures used by other companies.
Heska Corporation (NASDAQ: HSKA - News) manufactures, develops and sells advanced veterinary diagnostic and specialty healthcare products. Heska's business is composed of Core Companion Animal Health ("CCA") segment, which represents approximately 85% of revenue, and Other Vaccines, Pharmaceuticals and Products ("OVP") segment, which represents approximately 15% of revenue. CCA segment includes, primarily for canine and feline use, Point of Care Laboratory testing instruments and consumables under a unique multi-year Reset Subscription model, digital imaging products, software and services, local and cloud-based data services, allergy testing and immunotherapy, and single use offerings such as in-clinic diagnostic tests and heartworm preventive products. OVP segment includes, primarily for herd animal health, private label vaccine and pharmaceutical production under third party agreements and channels.
Hudson Global, Inc. is a leading global total talent solutions provider operating under the brand name Hudson RPO. We deliver innovative, customized recruitment outsourcing and total talent solutions to organizations worldwide. Through our consultative approach, we develop tailored talent solutions designed to meet our clients?€? strategic growth initiatives. As a trusted advisor, we meet our commitments, deliver quality and value, and strive to exceed expectations.
Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.??is an S&P 500 company and is the largest lodging real estate investment trust and one of the largest owners of luxury and upper-upscale hotels. The Company currently owns 74 properties in??the United States??and five properties internationally totaling approximately 46,100 rooms. The Company also holds non-controlling interests in six domestic and one international joint ventures. Guided by a disciplined approach to capital allocation and aggressive asset management, the Company partners with premium brands such as Marriott??, Ritz-Carlton??, Westin??, Sheraton??, W??, St. Regis??, The Luxury Collection??, Hyatt??, Fairmont??, Hilton??, Swiss??tel??, ibis????and Novotel??*, as well as independent brands.
HealthStream is dedicated to improving patient outcomes through the development of healthcare organizations?€? greatest asset: their people. Our unified suite of solutions is contracted by healthcare organizations across the U.S. for workforce development, training & learning management, talent management, credentialing, privileging, provider enrollment, performance assessment, and managing simulation-based education programs. Based in Nashville, Tennessee, HealthStream has additional offices in Jericho, New York; Boulder; Colorado; Denver, Colorado; San Diego, California; Chicago, Illinois; and Portland, Oregon.
Histogen Inc. is a clinical-stage therapeutics company focused on developing potential first-in-class restorative therapeutics that ignite the body?€?s natural process to repair and maintain healthy biological function. Histogen?€?s innovative technology platform utilizes cell conditioned media and extracellular matrix materials produced by hypoxia-induced multipotent cells. Histogen?€?s proprietary, reproducible manufacturing process provides targeted solutions across a broad range of therapeutic indications including hair growth, dermal rejuvenation, joint cartilage regeneration and spinal disk repair.
The Hershey Company is headquartered in Hershey, Pa., and is an industry-leading snacks company known for bringing goodness to the world through its iconic brands, remarkable people and enduring commitment to help children succeed. Hershey has approximately 16,000 employees around the world who work every day to deliver delicious, quality products. The company has more than 80 brands around the world that drive $8 billion in annual revenues, including such iconic brand names as Hershey's, Reese's, Kit Kat, Jolly Rancher, Ice Breakers, SkinnyPop and Pirate's Booty. For more than 125 years, Hershey has been committed to operating fairly, ethically and sustainably. Hershey founder, Milton Hershey, created the Milton Hershey School in 1909 and since then the company has focused on helping children succeed.
Hospitality Trust Hersha Hospitality Trust (HT) is a self-advised real estate investment trust in the hospitality sector, which owns and operates high quality upscale and lifestyle hotels in urban gateway markets and resort destinations. The Company's 49 hotels totaling 7,774 rooms are located in New York, Washington, DC, Boston, Philadelphia, South Florida and select markets on the West Coast. The Company's common shares are traded on The New York Stock Exchange under the ticker ?€?HT.?€? Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Key Performance Metrics Common key performance metrics utilized by the lodging industry are occupancy, average daily rate ("ADR"), and revenue per available room ("RevPAR"). Occupancy is calculated as the percentage total rooms sold compared to rooms available to be sold, while ADR measures the average rate earned per occupied room, calculate as total room revenue divided by total rooms sold. RevPAR is a derivative of these two metrics which shows the total room revenue earned per room available to be sold. Management uses these metrics in comparison to other hotels in our self-defined competitive peer set within proximity to each of our hotel properties. An explanation of Funds from Operations (?€?FFO?€?), AFFO, Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (?€?EBITDA?€?), EBITDAre, Adjusted EBITDA and Hotel EBITDA, as well as reconciliations of such non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is included at the end of this release.
Hersha Hospitality Trust 6.875% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest
Hersha Hospitality Trust 6.50% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest $0.01 par value per share
Hersha Hospitality Trust 6.50% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest
Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. is the largest dedicated owner and operator of MOBs in the United States, comprising approximately 24.9 million square feet of GLA, with $7.3 billion invested primarily in MOBs. HTA provides real estate infrastructure for the integrated delivery of healthcare services in highly-desirable locations. Investments are targeted to build critical mass in 20 to 25 leading gateway markets that generally have leading university and medical institutions, which translates to superior demographics, high-quality graduates, intellectual talent and job growth. The strategic markets HTA invests in support a strong, long-term demand for quality medical office space. HTA utilizes an integrated asset management platform consisting of on-site leasing, property management, engineering and building services, and development capabilities to create complete, state of the art facilities in each market. This drives efficiencies, strong tenant and health system relationships, and strategic partnerships that result in high levels of tenant retention, rental growth and long-term value creation. Headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, HTA has developed a national brand with dedicated relationships at the local level. Founded in 2006 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 2012, HTA has produced attractive returns for its stockholders that have outperformed the US REIT index. More information about HTA can be found on the Company's Website, Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. About WakeMed Health & Hospitals Serving the community since 1961, WakeMed is a not-for-profit health care system founded and based in Raleigh, N.C. WakeMed exists to improve the health and well-being of our community by providing outstanding and compassionate care to all. WakeMed's 941-bed system comprises a network of facilities throughout the Triangle area, including three full-service hospitals, seven emergency departments, a dedicated Children's Hospital and Rehabilitation Hospital, more than 80 physician offices and Wake County's only Level I Trauma Center. WakeMed's mission-driven team includes more than 9,800 employees, 1,500 volunteers and 1,300 affiliated physicians, along with the more than 580 physicians and providers with WakeMed Physician Practices ?€? all representing the best minds and the biggest hearts and the finest quality in health care and community health.
. HomeTrust Bancshares, Inc. is the holding company for HomeTrust Bank. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had assets of $3.7 billion. The Bank, founded in 1926, is a North Carolina state chartered, community-focused financial institution committed to providing value added relationship banking with over 40 locations as well as online/mobile channels. Locations include: North Carolina (including the Asheville metropolitan area, the "Piedmont" region, Charlotte, and Raleigh/Cary), Upstate South Carolina (Greenville), East Tennessee (including Kingsport/Johnson City/Bristol, Knoxville, and Morristown) and Southwest Virginia (including the Roanoke Valley). The Bank is the 2nd largest community bank headquartered in North Carolina.
Heritage Commerce Corp, a California corporation organized in 1998, is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. Heritage provides a wide range of banking services through Heritage Bank of Commerce, a wholly-owned subsidiary. Heritage Bank of Commerce is a California state-chartered bank headquartered in San Jose, California and has been conducting business since 1994. Heritage is a multi-community independent bank that offers a full range of commercial banking services to small and medium-sized businesses and their owners and employees. Heritage operates through 14 full service branch offices located in the counties of Santa Clara, Alameda, Contra Costa, San Benito, and San Mateo, which are in the San Francisco Bay Area of California. Our market includes the headquarters of several technology-based companies in the region commonly known as ?€?Silicon Valley.?€? Heritage Bank of Commerce is an SBA Preferred Lender. Bay View Funding, a subsidiary of Heritage Bank of Commerce, is based in Santa Clara, CA and provides business-essential working capital factoring financing to various industries throughout the United States.
Heat Biologics is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing first-in-class therapies to modulate the immune system. The company's gp96 platform is designed to activate immune responses against cancer or pathogenic antigens. Multiple product candidates in development leverage the gp96 platform, including HS-110 which has completed enrollment in its Phase 2 trial, HS-130 in Phase 1, and a COVID-19 vaccine program in preclinical development. In addition, Heat is also developing a pipeline of proprietary immunomodulatory antibodies, including PTX-35 which is enrolling in a Phase 1 trial.
Horizon Technology Finance Corporation 6.25% Notes due 2022
Hercules Capital, Inc. is the leading and largest specialty finance company focused on providing senior secured venture growth loans to high-growth, innovative venture capital-backed companies in a broad variety of technology, life sciences and sustainable and renewable technology industries. Since inception ( December 2003 ), Hercules has committed more than $10.2 billion to over 500 companies and is the lender of choice for entrepreneurs and venture capital firms seeking growth capital financing. Companies interested in learning more about financing opportunities should contact [email??protected], or call 650.289.3060.
HTG Molecular Diagnostics, Inc. develops and markets a technology platform that facilitates the routine use of complex molecular profiling. The company??s HTG Edge platform consists of instrumentation, consumables, and software analytics that are used in sample profiling applications, including tumor profiling, molecular diagnostic testing, and biomarker development. The HTG Edge platform automates the molecular profiling of genes and gene activity using its nuclease protection chemistry on various biological samples. It provides molecular profiling panels targeting late stage drug development programs with potential breakthrough therapies, such as immuno-oncology comprising HTG Edge Immuno-oncology Assay, HTG Edge FGFR Expression Assay, HTG Edge DLBCL Cell of Origin Assay, HTG EdgeSeq microRNA Whole-transcriptome Assay, HTG Edge Top Oncogene Assay, and HTG Edge DMPK Assay. HTG Molecular Diagnostics, Inc. distributes its instruments and consumables directly in the United States; and through distributors or sales agents in parts of Europe, India, and internationally. The company was formerly known as HTG, Inc. and changed its name to HTG Molecular Diagnostics, Inc. in March 2011. HTG Molecular Diagnostics, Inc. was incorporated in 1997 and is based in Tucson, Arizona.
Hilltop Holdings is a Dallas-based financial holding company. Its primary line of business is to provide business and consumer banking services from offices located throughout Texas through PlainsCapital Bank. PlainsCapital Bank?€?s wholly owned subsidiary, PrimeLending, provides residential mortgage lending throughout the United States. Hilltop Holdings?€? broker-dealer subsidiaries, Hilltop Securities Inc. and Hilltop Securities Independent Network Inc., provide a full complement of securities brokerage, institutional and investment banking services in addition to clearing services and retail financial advisory. At June 30, 2020, Hilltop employed approximately 4,800 people and operated approximately 420 locations in 48 states. Hilltop Holdings' common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "HTH."
Originated in China, Huazhu Group Limited is a world-leading hotel group. As of September??30, 2020, Huazhu operated 6,507 hotels with 634,087 rooms in operation in 16 countries. Huazhu?€?s brands include Hi Inn, Elan Hotel, HanTing Hotel, JI Hotel, Starway Hotel, Orange Hotel, Crystal Orange Hotel, Manxin Hotel, Madison Hotel, Joya Hotel, Blossom House, and Ni Hao Hotel. Upon the completion of the acquisition of DH on January??2, 2020, Huazhu added five brands to its portfolio, including Steigenberger Hotels??& Resorts, Maxx by Steigenberger, Jaz in the City,??IntercityHotel and Zleep Hotel. In addition, Huazhu also has the rights as master franchisee for Mercure,??Ibis and Ibis Styles, and co-development rights for Grand Mercure and Novotel, in the pan-China region. Huazhu?€?s business includes leased and owned, manachised and franchised models. Under the lease and ownership model, Huazhu directly operates hotels typically located on leased or owned properties. Under the manachise model, Huazhu manages manachised hotels through the on-site hotel managers that Huazhu appoints, and Huazhu collects fees from franchisees. Under the franchise model, Huazhu provides training, reservations and support services to the franchised hotels, and collects fees from franchisees but does not appoint on-site hotel managers. Huazhu applies a consistent standard and platform across all of its hotels. As of September??30, 2020, Huazhu operates 16 percent of its hotel rooms under lease and ownership model, and 84 percent under manachise and franchise models.
Healthcare Trust Inc 7.375 PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Ser A
Heartland Express is an irregular route truckload carrier based in North Liberty, Iowa serving customers with shipping lanes throughout the United States. Heartland focuses on medium to short haul regional freight, offering shippers industry leading on-time service so they can achieve their strategic goals for their customers.
Heartland Financial USA, Inc. is a diversified financial services company with assets of $15.61 billion. The company provides banking, mortgage, private client, investment, insurance and consumer finance services to individuals and businesses. Heartland currently has 113 banking locations serving 82 communities in Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, New Mexico, Arizona, Montana, Colorado, Minnesota, Kansas, Missouri, Texas and California.

Hub Group is a world-class supply chain solutions provider that offers multi-modal transportation services throughout North America, including intermodal, truck brokerage, dedicated and logistics services. As a publicly traded company with approximately $4 billion in revenue, Hub Group?€?s organization of over 4,800 employees delivers innovative, customer-focused solutions and industry leading service to help customers better control supply chains and their costs.
HubSpot is a leading customer relationship management (CRM) platform that provides software and support to help businesses grow better. The platform includes marketing, sales, service and website management products that start free and scale to meet our customers' needs at any stage of growth. Today, more than 95,000 customers across more than 120 countries use HubSpot's powerful and easy-to-use tools and integrations to attract, engage and delight customers. Named Glassdoor's #1 Best Place to Work in 2020, HubSpot has been recognized for its award-winning culture by Great Place to Work, Comparably, Fortune, Entrepreneur, Inc. and more. The company is headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., with offices in Dublin, Ireland ; Singapore ; Sydney, Australia ; Tokyo, Japan ; Berlin, Germany ; Bogot??, Colombia ; Paris, France ; Ghent, Belgium ; San Francisco, Calif. ; and Portsmouth, N.H.
Hudson Ltd - Ordinary Shares - Class A

Huize Holding Limited is a leading independent online insurance product and service platform in China. Targeting the younger generation, Huize is dedicated to serving its insurance clients for their life-long insurance needs. Leveraging its online platform, Huize offers a wide variety of insurance products with a focus on long-term life and health insurance products, and empowers its insurer partners to reach a large fragmented client base in the insurance retail market efficiently and enhance their insurance sales. Huize provides insurance clients with digitalized insurance experience and services, including suitable product recommendations, consulting service, intelligent underwriting and assistance in claim application and settlement, which significantly improve transaction experience.
Humana Inc. is committed to helping our millions of medical and specialty members achieve their best health. Our successful history in care delivery and health plan administration is helping us create a new kind of integrated care with the power to improve health and well-being and lower costs. Our efforts are leading to a better quality of life for people with Medicare, families, individuals, military service personnel, and communities at large. To accomplish that, we support physicians and other health care professionals as they work to deliver the right care in the right place for their patients, our members. Our range of clinical capabilities, resources and tools ?€? such as in-home care, behavioral health, pharmacy services, data analytics and wellness solutions ?€? combine to produce a simplified experience that makes health care easier to navigate and more effective.
Huntsman Corporation is a publicly traded global manufacturer and marketer of differentiated and specialty chemicals with 2019 revenues of approximately $7 billion. Our chemical products number in the thousands and are sold worldwide to manufacturers serving a broad and diverse range of consumer and industrial end markets. We operate more than 70 manufacturing, R&D and operations facilities in approximately 30 countries and employ approximately 9,000 associates within our four distinct business divisions.
Hurco Companies, Inc. is an industrial technology company. The Company designs, manufactures and sells computerized machine tools, consisting primarily of vertical machining centers (mills) and turning centers (lathes), to companies in the metal working industry through a worldwide sales, service and distribution network. The Company's core products consist of general purpose computerized machine tools for the metal cutting industry. The Company also produces computer control systems and related software for press brake applications that are sold as retrofit units for installation on existing or new press brake machines. Additionally, it produces and distributes software options, control upgrades, hardware accessories, and replacement parts for its machine tool product lines, and it provides operator training and support services to its customers. In July 2013, Hurco Companies Inc announced it has acquired the machine tool component business of LCM Srl.
Huron is a global consultancy that helps its clients drive growth, enhance performance and sustain leadership in the markets they serve. The company partners with clients to develop strategies and implement solutions that enable the transformative change its clients need to own their future.
Houston American Energy Corp (Houston American) is an independent oil and gas company focused on the development, exploration, exploitation, acquisition, and production of natural gas and crude oil properties in the United States Gulf Coast region and in South America. The Company's oil and gas reserves and operations are concentrated in the South American country of Colombia and in the onshore Gulf Coast region, particularly Texas and Louisiana. The Company, along with its partners, manages its resources through acquisitions and divestitures where reserves can be identified, developed, monetized and financial resources redeployed with the objective of growing reserves, production and shareholder value. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company participated in the drilling of a total of 13 gross wells, all of which were in Colombia. Of the 13 wells drilled, 11 were classified as exploratory and two were classified as development.
China Internet Nationwide Financial Services Inc.Incorporated in 2014 and headquartered in Beijing, China Internet Nationwide Financial Services Inc. ("CIFS" or the "Company") provides financial advisory services, including commercial payment advisory, intermediary bank loan advisory, and international corporate financing advisory, to meet the financing and capital needs of its clients, comprised largely of small-to-medium sized enterprises ("SMEs"). The Company also made direct loans to certain qualified borrowers.
HUYA Inc. American depositary shares each representing one Class A
HV Bancorp, Inc. (Nasdaq Capital Market: HVBC) is a bank holding company headquartered in Doylestown, PA. Through its wholly owned subsidiary Huntingdon Valley Bank, we primarily serve communities located in Montgomery, Bucks and Philadelphia Counties in Pennsylvania, New Castle County in Delaware, and Burlington County in New Jersey from our executive office, six full service bank offices and one limited service bank office. We also operate four loan production offices in our geographical footprint.
Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (Havertys) is a specialty retailer of residential furniture and accessories. All of its retail locations are operated using the Havertys name and the Company does not franchise its stores. The Company provides its customers a selection of products and styles, and most of the furniture merchandise it carries bears the Havertys brand. It also offers the mattress product lines of Sealy, Serta and Tempur-Pedic. As of December 31, 2012, the Company operated 122 stores serving 81 cities in 17 states with approximately 4.4 million retail square feet. During the year ended December 31, 2012, approximately 73% of its leather merchandise selection was imported from Mexico or Asia. In 2012, the Company's bedroom furniture accounted for 19.4%; dining room furniture accounted for 10.7%; occasional accounted for 11.0%; upholstery accounted for 38.2%; mattresses accounted for 11.5%, and accessories and other accounted for 9.2% of the Company's gross revenue.
Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. operates as a specialty retailer of residential furniture and accessories in the United States. The company also offers mattress product lines under the Sealy, Serta, Stearns & Foster, and Tempur-Pedic names. It sells home furnishings through its retail stores, as well as through its Website. As of December 31, 2014, the company operated 119 stores in 16 states under the Havertys name. Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. was founded in 1885 and is based in Atlanta, Georgia.
Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc., a financial-bank holding company headquartered in Jefferson City, Missouri, is the parent company of Hawthorn Bank of Jefferson City with locations in the Missouri communities of Lee's Summit, Liberty, St. Louis, Springfield, Independence, Columbia, Clinton, Osceola, Warsaw, Belton, Drexel, Harrisonville, California and St. Robert.
Hancock Whitney Corp
Houston Wire & Cable Company provides wire and cable and related services to the United States market. The Company offers its customers with a single-source solution for wire and cable, hardware and related services. The Company offers products in categories of wire and cable, including continuous and interlocked armor cable, control and power cable, electronic wire and cable, flexible and portable cords, instrumentation and thermocouple cable, lead and high temperature cable, medium voltage cable, premise and category wire and cable, wire rope and wire rope slings, as well as nylon slings, chain, shackles and other related hardware. It also offers private branded products, including its brand LifeGuard, a low-smoke, zero-halogen cable. On January 1, 2011, the acquired companies were merged into HWC Wire & Cable Company.
Hancock Whitney Corporation 5.95% Subordinated Notes due 2045
Hancock Whitney Corporation 6.25 Subordinated Notes due 2060
Hawkins, Inc. distributes, blends and manufactures chemicals and other specialty ingredients for its customers in a wide variety of industries. Headquartered in Roseville, Minnesota, and with 44 facilities in 20 states, the Company creates value for its customers through superb customer service and support, quality products and personalized applications. Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures We report our consolidated financial results in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). To assist investors in understanding our financial performance between periods, we have provided certain financial measures not computed according to GAAP, including adjusted EBITDA. This non-GAAP financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures. The method we use to produce non-GAAP results is not computed according to GAAP and may differ from the methods used by other companies. Management uses this non-GAAP financial measure internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and to make operating decisions. Management believes that this non-GAAP financial measure reflects an additional way of viewing aspects of our operations that, when viewed with our GAAP results, provides a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our financial condition and results of operations. We define adjusted EBITDA as GAAP net income adjusted for the impact of the following: net interest expense resulting from our net borrowing position; income tax expense; non-cash expenses including amortization of intangibles, depreciation, goodwill impairment, and charges for the employee stock purchase plan and restricted stock grants; and non-recurring items of income or expense, if applicable.
Howmet Aerospace, Inc., headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is a leading global provider of advanced engineered solutions for the aerospace and transportation industries. The Company?€?s primary businesses focus on jet engine components, aerospace fastening systems, and titanium structural parts necessary for mission-critical performance and efficiency in aerospace and defense applications, as well as forged wheels for commercial transportation. With nearly 1,200 granted and pending patents, the Company?€?s differentiated technologies enable lighter, more fuel-efficient aircraft to operate with a lower carbon footprint. In 2019, the businesses of Howmet Aerospace reported annual revenue of over $7 billion.
Arconic Inc. $3.75 Preferred Stock
Hexindai Inc. ("Hexindai" or the "Company") is a mobile e-commerce and consumer lending platform based in Beijing, China. The Company collaborates with brands both online and offline to offer high-quality and affordable branded products through its new form of social e-commerce mobile platform and facilitates loans to meet the increasing consumption needs of underserved prime borrowers through its online consumer lending marketplace. Hexindai's strong user acquisition capabilities, cutting-edge risk management system, and strategic relationships with respected financial institutions allow the Company to generate higher customer satisfaction, reliance, and realize fast growth.
Hexcel Corporation is a leading advanced composites company. It develops, manufactures and markets lightweight, high-performance structural materials including carbon fibers, specialty reinforcements, prepregs and other fiber-reinforced matrix materials, honeycomb, adhesives, engineered core and composite structures for use in commercial aerospace, space and defense and industrial applications.
Hyster-Yale Materials Handling, Inc., headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, offers a broad array of solutions to meet the specific materials handling needs of customers' applications. The Company's wholly owned operating subsidiary, Hyster-Yale Group, Inc., designs, engineers, manufactures, sells and services a comprehensive line of lift trucks and aftermarket parts marketed globally primarily under the Hyster ?? and Yale ?? brand names. Subsidiaries of Hyster-Yale include Nuvera Fuel Cells, LLC, an alternative-power technology company focused on fuel cell stacks and engines, and Bolzoni S.p.A., a leading worldwide producer of attachments, forks and lift tables marketed under the Bolzoni ??, Auramo ?? and Meyer ?? brand names. Hyster-Yale also has significant joint ventures in Japan (Sumitomo NACCO) and in China (Hyster-Yale Maximal).
Haymaker Acquisition Corp
Haymaker Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Class A & 1/2 War)
Haymaker Acquisition Corp. Warrant
Tortoise Acquisition Corp. was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, stock exchange, acquisition, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses.
Tortoise Acquisition Corp Wt Exp 03042024
Hycroft Mining is a US-based, gold and silver producer operating the Hycroft mine located in the world-class mining region of Northern Nevada. The Hycroft mine features one of the largest gold/silver deposits in the world with a low-capital, low-cost process, and a 34-year mine life.
Mudrick Capital Acquisition Corporation Warrant
DELISTED - Hycroft Mining Corp Wt Exp 10/12/2022
HyreCar Inc. operates in the carsharing marketplace for ridesharing through its proprietary technology platform. The Company is establishing a leading presence in Mobility as a Service (MaaS) through vehicle owners and institutions, such as dealers and OEMs, who have been disrupted by automotive asset sharing. HyreCar currently operates in all 50 states and Washington, D.C. providing a unique revenue opportunity for both owners and drivers. By providing a safe, secure, and reliable marketplace, HyreCar is transforming the industry ?€? one driver, one vehicle, one road at a time.

Horizon Acquisition Corporation Units each consisting of one Class A and onethird of one Redeemable warrant
Horizon Acquisition Corp - Warrants (19/08/2025)
Headquartered in Plymouth, MI, Horizon Global is the #1 designer, manufacturer and distributor of a wide variety of high-quality, custom-engineered towing, trailering, cargo management and other related accessory products in North America and Europe. The Company serves OEMs, retailers, dealer networks and the end consumer as the category leader in the automotive, leisure and agricultural market segments. Horizon provides its customers with outstanding products and services that reflect the Company's commitment to market leadership, innovation and operational excellence. The Company?€?s mission is to utilize forward-thinking technology to develop and deliver best in-class products for our customers, engage with our employees and realize value creation for our shareholders. Horizon Global is home to some of the world?€?s most recognized brands in the towing and trailering industry, including: Draw-Tite, Reese, Westfalia, BULLDOG, Fulton and Tekonsha. Horizon Global has approximately 3,600 employees.
Horizon Pharma??plc??is focused on researching, developing and commercializing innovative medicines that address unmet treatment needs for rare and rheumatic diseases. By fostering a growing pipeline of medicines in development and exploring all potential uses for currently marketed medicines, we strive to make a powerful difference for patients, their caregivers and physicians. For us, it?€?s personal: by living up to our own potential, we are helping others live up to theirs.
Headquartered in Clearwater, Florida, MarineMax is the nation?€?s largest recreational boat and yacht retailer. Focused on premium brands, such as Sea Ray, Boston Whaler, Hatteras, Azimut Yachts, Benetti, Ocean Alexander, Galeon, Grady-White, Harris, Bennington, Crest, MasterCraft, MJM Yachts, NauticStar, Scout, Sailfish, Scarab Jet Boats, Tige, Yamaha Jet Boats, Aquila, Aviara, and Nautique. MarineMax sells new and used recreational boats and related marine products and services, as well as provides yacht brokerage and charter services. MarineMax currently has 77 retail locations in Alabama, California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin. MarineMax also owns Fraser Yachts Group and Northrop & Johnson, leading superyacht brokerage and luxury yacht services companies with operations in multiple countries. The Company also owns and operates MarineMax Vacations in Tortola, British Virgin Islands. MarineMax is a New York Stock Exchange-listed company.
Horizon Acquisition Corp II - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
IAA, Inc. is a leading global digital marketplace connecting vehicle buyers and sellers. Leveraging leading-edge technology and focusing on innovation, IAA's unique platform facilitates the marketing and sale of total-loss, damaged and low-value vehicles. Headquartered near Chicago in Westchester, Illinois, IAA has nearly 4,000 talented employees and more than 200 facilities throughout the U.S., Canada and the United Kingdom. IAA serves a rapidly growing global buyer base ?€? located throughout over 135 countries ?€? and a full spectrum of sellers, including insurers, dealerships, fleet lease and rental car companies, and charitable organizations. Buyers have access to multiple digital bidding and buying channels, innovative vehicle merchandising, and efficient evaluation services, enhancing the overall purchasing experience. IAA offers sellers a comprehensive suite of services aimed at maximizing vehicle value, reducing administrative costs, shortening selling cycle time and delivering the highest economic returns.


ION Acquisition Corp 1 Ltd - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
ION Acquisition Corp 1 Ltd - Warrants (01/01/9999)
IAMGOLD Corporation primarily engages in the exploration, development, and operation of gold mining properties. It also explores for silver and copper deposits. The company holds interests in four operating gold mines, as well as exploration and development projects located in Africa, South America, and Canada. IAMGOLD Corporation was incorporated in 1990 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.
Integra LifeSciences??is a global leader in regenerative technologies, neurosurgical and extremity orthopedic solutions dedicated to limiting uncertainty for clinicians, so they can focus on providing the best patient care. Integra offers a comprehensive portfolio of high quality, leadership brands that include AmnioExcel??, Bactiseal??, Cadence??, Certas??, Codman??, CUSA??, DuraGen??, DuraSeal??, ICP Express??, Integra??, MediHoney??, MicroFrance??, PriMatrix??, Salto Talaris??, SurgiMend??, TCC-EZ??, Titan??? and VersaTru??.
Industrias Bachoco SAB de CV (Bachoco) is a Mexico-based holding company primarily engaged in the poultry production. The Company's main product lines include chickens, table eggs, pork, turkey and other poultry-related products. Through its production facilities established in Mexico and the United States, the Company is active in the hatching and breeding of chickens, pigs and turkeys; as well as in the packaging and distribution of its derivative products. As of December 31, 2011, the Company owned such subsidiaries as Bachoco SA de CV, Campi Alimentos SA de CV, Aviser SA de CV, Operadora de Servicios de Personal SA de CV, Secba SA de CV, Sepetec SA de CV and Servicios de Personal Administrativo SA de CV, among others. On July 9, 2013, the Company acquired the assets of the breeding farms of Morris Hatchery Inc., located in Arkansas, the United States, which includes mainly equipment and inventory of birds.
Independent Bank Corporation is a Michigan-based bank holding company with total assets of approximately $4.2 billion. Founded as First National Bank of Ionia in 1864, Independent Bank Corporation operates a branch network across Michigan's Lower Peninsula through one state-chartered bank subsidiary. This subsidiary (Independent Bank) provides a full range of financial services, including commercial banking, mortgage lending, investments and insurance. Independent Bank Corporation is committed to providing exceptional personal service and value to its customers, stockholders and the communities it serves.
The Fund seeks to meet its investment objective generally by investing in component securities of the Bloomberg Barclays December 2030 Maturity Corporate Index (the ?€?Underlying Index?€?). The Fund may also invest in other exchange-traded funds (?€?ETFs?€?), U.S. government securities, short-term paper, cash and cash equivalents, including shares of money market funds advised by BFA or its affiliates.  The Fund is a term fund that will terminate on or about December 15, 2030, at which time it will distribute its remaining net assets to shareholders pursuant to a plan of liquidation. The Fund does not seek to return any predetermined amount at maturity or in periodic distributions. The Underlying Index is composed of U.S. dollar-denominated, taxable, investment-grade (as determined by Bloomberg Index Services Limited (the ?€?Index Provider?€? or ?€?Bloomberg?€?)) corporate bonds scheduled to mature after December 31, 2029 and before December 16, 2030. As of May 26, 2020, a significant portion of the Underlying Index is represented by securities of companies in the communication services and consumer staples industries or sectors. The components of the Underlying Index are likely to change over time.  The Underlying Index consists of U.S. dollar-denominated, investment-grade securities issued by U.S. and non-U.S. corporate issuers that have $300 million or more of outstanding face value at the time of inclusion. The non-U.S. corporate issuers included in the Underlying Index consist primarily of corporate bonds issued by companies domiciled in developed countries. The Fund will invest in non-U.S. issuers to the extent necessary for it to track the Underlying Index. Each bond included in the Underlying Index must be registered with the SEC, have been exempt from registration at issuance, or have been offered pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ?€?1933 Act?€?), with registration rights. Further, the securities in the Underlying Index must be denominated in U.S. dollars and have a fixed-rate, although they can carry a coupon that steps-up according to a predetermined schedule. In addition, to be included in the Underlying Index, securities that are rated by all three of the rating agencies named below must be rated ?€?investment-grade?€? by at least two of the three rating agencies, which is defined as Baa3 or higher by Moody?€?s Investors Service, Inc. or BBB- or higher by S&P Global Ratings or Fitch Ratings, Inc. When ratings from only two of the three rating agencies are available, the lower rating is used to determine eligibility. Securities with a rating from only one of the three ratings agencies must be rated investment-grade in order to be included in the Underlying Index.  The Underlying Index is constructed with the following methodology. The parent index, the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate Index (the ?€?Parent Index?€?), representing U.S. dollar-denominated, taxable, investment-grade corporate bonds, is stripped of securities maturing outside of the maturity range described above. During the final two years of the Underlying Index, bonds that mature in 2030, but had not been eligible for inclusion in the Parent Index due to being within one year of maturity, will be eligible for inclusion in the Underlying Index until such bonds reach maturity. Securities are then market-cap weighted within the Underlying Index, with a 3% cap on any one issuer, and a pro rata distribution of any excess weight across the remaining issuers in the Underlying Index. The securities in the Underlying Index are updated on the last calendar day of each month until June 30, 2030. The last rebalance date will be on June 30, 2030. During this final six month period, the Underlying Index will no longer be updated or rebalanced, except to remove securities which are downgraded to below investment-grade per the eligibility criteria described above. Additionally, during this period, existing bond weights will be allowed to float based on changes in market value.  When a bond that is included in the Underlying Index matures in the last months of the Fund?€?s operation, its maturity value will be represented in the Underlying Index by cash throughout the remaining life of the Underlying Index. As the Fund approaches its termination date, its holdings of money market or similar funds may increase, causing the Fund to incur the fees and expenses of these funds. By December 15, 2030, the Underlying Index value will be represented almost entirely by cash as no securities will remain in the Underlying Index.  The Fund is a series of the iShares iBonds fixed maturity series of bond ETFs sponsored by BlackRock, Inc. (?€?BlackRock?€?). The iShares iBonds fixed maturity series do not invest in U.S. savings bonds or other U.S. government bonds (except to the extent the funds hold cash equivalent instruments consistent with their investment objectives) and are not designed to provide protection against inflation.  BFA uses a ?€?passive?€? or indexing approach to try to achieve the Fund?€?s investment objective. Unlike many investment companies, the Fund does not try to ?€?beat?€? the index it tracks and does not seek temporary defensive positions when markets decline or appear overvalued.  Indexing may eliminate the chance that the Fund will substantially outperform the Underlying Index but also may reduce some of the risks of active management, such as poor security selection. Indexing seeks to achieve lower costs and better after-tax performance by aiming to keep portfolio turnover low in comparison to actively managed investment companies.  BFA uses a representative sampling indexing strategy to manage the Fund. ?€?Representative sampling?€? is an indexing strategy that involves investing in a representative sample of securities that collectively has an investment profile similar to that of an applicable underlying index. The securities selected are expected to have, in the aggregate, investment characteristics (based on factors such as market value and industry weightings), fundamental characteristics (such as return variability, duration, maturity, credit ratings and yield) and liquidity measures similar to those of an applicable underlying index. The Fund may or may not hold all of the securities in the Underlying Index.  The Fund generally will invest at least 90% of its assets in the component securities of the Underlying Index, except during the last months of the Fund?€?s operations, as described below, and may invest up to 10% of its assets in certain futures, options and swap contracts, cash and cash equivalents, including shares of money market funds advised by BFA or its affiliates (?€?BlackRock Cash Funds?€?), as well as in securities not included in the Underlying Index, but which BFA believes will help the Fund track the Underlying Index. From time to time when conditions warrant, however, the Fund may invest at least 80% of its assets in the component securities of the Underlying Index and may invest up to 20% of its assets in certain futures, options and swap contracts, cash and cash equivalents, including shares of BlackRock Cash Funds, as well as in securities not included in the Underlying Index, but which BFA believes will help the Fund track the Underlying Index.  The Fund seeks to track the investment results of the Underlying Index before fees and expenses of the Fund. In the last months of operation, as the bonds held by the Fund mature, the proceeds will not be reinvested by the Fund in bonds but instead will be held in cash and cash equivalents. By December 15, 2030, the Underlying Index is expected to consist almost entirely of cash acquired in this manner. On or around this date, the Fund will wind up and terminate, and its net assets will be distributed to then-current shareholders pursuant to a plan of liquidation. The Fund should not be confused with a target date fund, which has assets that are managed according to a particular investment strategy that convert fund assets to conservative investments over time.  The Fund may lend securities representing up to one-third of the value of the Fund's total assets (including the value of any collateral received).  The Underlying Index is sponsored by Bloomberg, which is independent of the Fund and BFA. The Index Provider determines the composition and relative weightings of the securities in the Underlying Index and publishes information regarding the market value of the Underlying Index.  Industry Concentration Policy.  The Fund will concentrate its investments (i.e., hold 25% or more of its total assets) in a particular industry or group of industries to approximately the same extent that the Underlying Index is concentrated. For purposes of this limitation, securities of the U.S. government (including its agencies and instrumentalities), repurchase agreements collateralized by U.S. government securities, and securities of state or municipal governments and their political subdivisions are not considered to be issued by members of any industry.
IBEX Ltd Ord
iBio is a global leader in plant-based biologics manufacturing. Its FastPharming ?? System combines vertical farming, automated hydroponics, and glycan engineering technologies to rapidly deliver high-quality monoclonal antibodies, vaccines, bioinks and other proteins. The Company?€?s subsidiary, iBio CDMO LLC, provides FastPharming Contract Development and Manufacturing Services. iBio?€?s Glycaneering Development Service??? includes an array of new glycosylation technologies for engineering high-performance recombinant proteins. Additionally, iBio is developing proprietary products, which include IBIO-100 for the treatment of fibrotic diseases, and vaccines for infectious diseases.
Interactive Brokers Group affiliates provide automated trade execution and custody of securities, commodities and foreign exchange around the clock on more than 135 markets in numerous countries and currencies, from a single IBKR Integrated Investment Account to clients worldwide. We service individual investors, hedge funds, proprietary trading groups, financial advisors and introducing brokers. Our four decades of focus on technology and automation has enabled us to equip our clients with a uniquely sophisticated platform to manage their investment portfolios. We strive to provide our clients with advantageous execution prices and trading, risk and portfolio management tools, research facilities and investment products, all at low or no cost, positioning them to achieve superior returns on investments. Barron?€?s ranked Interactive Brokers #1 with 5 out of 5 stars in its February 24, 2020, Best Online Broker Review.
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) is an information technology (IT) company. IBM operates in five segments: Global Technology Services (GTS), Global Business Services (GBS), Software, Systems and Technology and Global Financing. GTS primarily provides IT infrastructure services and business process services. GBS provides professional services and application management services. Software consists primarily of middleware and operating systems software. Systems and Technology provides clients with business solutions requiring advanced computing power and storage capabilities. In October 2013, International Business Machines Corporation acquired Xtify Inc. In October 2013, the Company announced that it has completed the acquisition of The Now Factory, a privately held provider of analytics software that helps communications service providers (CSPs) deliver better customer experiences and drive new revenue opportunities.
ICICI Bank Limited, together with its subsidiaries, provides banking and financial services to the corporate and retail customers. It offers commercial banking, retail banking, project and corporate finance, working capital finance, insurance, venture capital and private equity, investment banking, broking, and treasury products and services. The company provides current and savings accounts, term deposits, fixed and recurring deposits, outward remittances, and salary accounts; home, car, personal, commercial vehicle, and gold loans, as well as loans against securities; and credit, debit, prepaid, corporate, and travel cards. It also offers life, travel, health, car, two wheeler, home, and student medical insurance products; fixed income products, such as bonds; senior citizens savings schemes; investment products, including mutual funds, gold/silver, and initial public offerings; and micro banking, tractor loans, and farmer finance services. In addition, the company provides wealth management products and services, including funds and investments, such as mutual funds, portfolio management services, and alternative investments; lockers and demat accounts; and risk protection and investment advisory and management. Further, it offers cash management and trade services; mergers and acquisitions advisory and loan syndication services; financial institution, capital market, and custodial services; and project and technology finance. Additionally, the company provides real estate services related to residential and commercial real estate, joint venture structuring, and funding; and Internet, mobile, and phone banking services. As of March 31, 2014, it operated through a network of 3,753 branches and 11,315 ATMs in India. The company has operations in India, Bahrain, Dubai, Hong Kong, Qatar, Sri Lanka, Singapore, and the United States. ICICI Bank Limited was founded in 1955 and is based in Mumbai, India.
NYSE AMEX LISTED TEST STOCK FOR CTS CQS
International Bancshares Corporation is a financial holding company. The Company, through four bank subsidiaries, provides commercial and retail banking services through main banking and branch facilities located in communities in South, Central and Southeast Texas and the State of Oklahoma.. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had 215 facilities and 339 automated teller machines (ATMs). The Company, through its bank subsidiaries, is in the business of gathering funds from various sources and investing those funds in order to earn a return. The Company's primary earnings come from the spread between the interest earned on interest-bearing assets and the interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. In addition, the Company generates income from fees on products offered to commercial, consumer and international customers. The Bank's investments are made in loans to individuals and entities, as well as in debt securities of the United States Government and other entities.
Installed Building Products, Inc. is one of the nation's largest new residential insulation installers and is a diversified installer of complementary building products, including waterproofing, fire-stopping, fireproofing, garage doors, rain gutters, window blinds, shower doors, closet shelving and mirrors and other products for residential and commercial builders located in the continental United States. The Company manages all aspects of the installation process for its customers, from direct purchase and receipt of materials from national manufacturers to its timely supply of materials to job sites and quality installation. The Company offers its portfolio of services for new and existing single-family and multi-family residential and commercial building projects from its national network of over 180 branch locations.
Independent Bank Group, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Independent Bank, provides a wide range of relationship-driven commercial banking products and services tailored to meet the needs of businesses, professionals and individuals. Independent Bank Group operates in four market regions located in the Dallas/Ft. Worth, Austin, and Houston, Texas and the Denver and Front Range areas of Colorado.
Headquartered in Nashua, NH, iCAD is a global medical technology leader providing innovative cancer detection and therapy solutions. The Xoft System is FDA-cleared, CE marked and licensed in a growing number of countries for the treatment of cancer anywhere in the body. It uses a proprietary miniaturized x-ray source to deliver a precise, concentrated dose of radiation directly to the tumor site, while minimizing risk of damage to healthy tissue in nearby areas of the body.
Inc. County Bancorp, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation and registered bank holding company founded in May 1996, and our wholly-owned subsidiary Investors Community Bank, a Wisconsin-chartered bank, are headquartered in Manitowoc, Wisconsin. The state of Wisconsin is often referred to as ?€?America?€?s Dairyland,?€? and one of the niches we have developed is providing financial services to agricultural businesses statewide, with a primary focus on dairy-related lending. We also serve business and retail customers throughout Wisconsin, with a focus on northeastern and central Wisconsin. Our customers are served from our full-service locations in Manitowoc, Appleton, Green Bay, and Stevens Point and our loan production offices in Darlington, Eau Claire, Fond du Lac and Sheboygan.
: ImmuCell Corporation's purpose is to create scientifically-proven and practical products that improve the health and productivity of dairy and beef calves. ImmuCell manufactures and markets First Defense ??, providing Immediate Immunity ??? to newborn dairy and beef calves, and is in the late stages of developing Re- Tain ???, a novel treatment for subclinical mastitis without a milk discard requirement that provides an alternative to traditional antibiotics.

Independence Contract Drilling, Inc. provides land-based contract drilling services for oil and natural gas producers in the United States. It constructs, owns, and operates a fleet of ShaleDriller rigs to optimize the development of oil and gas properties in the Permian Basin. The company??s standardized fleet consists of 14 ShaleDriller rigs, including 3 rigs under construction. Independence Contract Drilling, Inc. was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.
No Description Available
ICF International, Inc. (ICFI) is a holding company. ICFI provides management, technology, and policy consulting and implementation services to government and commercial. The Company helps its clients conceive, develop, implement, and improve solutions that address natural resource, social and national security issues. ICFI's services primarily address three markets: energy, environment, and infrastructure; health, social programs, and consumer/financial and public safety and defense. Its primary services include advisory services, implementation services and evaluation and improvement services. In February 2012, the Company completed the acquisition of GHK Holdings Limited. The Company has been involved in advising on energy and environmental issues, including the impact of human activity on natural resources. Effective July 31, 2013, ICF International Inc acquired Ecommerce Accelerator LLC, a provider of e-commerce services.
We are a leader in the design, engineering and manufacturing of critical fluid delivery subsystems and components for semiconductor capital equipment. Our product offerings include gas and chemical delivery subsystems, collectively known as fluid delivery subsystems, which are key elements of the process tools used in the manufacturing of semiconductor devices. Our gas delivery subsystems deliver, monitor and control precise quantities of the specialized gases used in semiconductor manufacturing processes such as etch and deposition. Our chemical delivery subsystems precisely blend and dispense the reactive liquid chemistries used in semiconductor manufacturing processes such as chemical-mechanical planarization, electroplating, and cleaning. We also manufacture precision-machined components, weldments, and proprietary products for use in fluid delivery systems for direct sales to our customers, as well as certain components for internal use in fluid delivery systems and for direct sales to our customers. This vertically-integrated portion of our business is primarily focused on metal and plastic parts that are used in gas and chemical systems, respectively. We are headquartered in Fremont, CA. ichorsystems.com.
Israel Chemicals Ltd. operates as a specialty minerals company worldwide. The company operates through three segments: Fertilizers, Industrial Products, and Performance Products. The Fertilizers segment extracts potash from the Dead Sea; mines and produces potash and salt from subterranean mines, as well as uses part of the potash to produce compound fertilizers; mines and processes phosphate rock in open mines; and produces sulfuric acid, agricultural phosphoric acid, phosphate fertilizers, compound fertilizers, liquid fertilizers, and soluble fertilizers. It also manufactures compound fertilizers in the Netherlands, Germany, and Belgium; liquid fertilizers and soluble fertilizers in Spain; slow release and controlled release fertilizers in the Netherlands and the United States; and phosphate-based food additives for livestock in Turkey and Israel. The Industrial Products segment produces bromine out of a solution that is created as a by-product of the potash production process in Sodom, as well as bromine-based compounds; chlorine-based products in Israel and the United States; and flame retardants and phosphorus based products, as well as extracts salt, magnesia, and chlorine from Dead Sea brine. The Performance Products segment purchases clean phosphoric acid and manufactures thermal phosphoric acids, which are used to manufacture downstream products and phosphate salts that are used as a raw material for manufacturing, food additives, hygiene products and flame retardants, and fire extinguishment products. It also manufactures phosphorous derivatives based on phosphorous; specialty products based on aluminum acids; and other raw materials. The company sells its products through marketing companies, agents, and distributors. It has a strategic alliance with Allana Potash for developing potash mine in Ethiopia. Israel Chemicals Ltd. was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel.
iClick Interactive Asia Group Limited is an independent online marketing and enterprise data solutions provider that connects worldwide marketers with audiences in??China. Built on cutting-edge technologies, our proprietary platform possesses omni-channel marketing capabilities and fulfils various marketing objectives in a data-driven and automated manner, helping both international and domestic marketers reach their target audiences in??China. Headquartered in??Hong Kong, iClick was established in 2009 and is currently operating in ten locations worldwide including??Asia??and??Europe.
ICON Public Limited Company, a contract research organization, provides outsourced development services to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device industries in Ireland, rest of Europe, the United States, and internationally. It develops, manages, and analyzes programs that support various stages of the clinical development process from compound selection to Phase I-IV clinical studies. The company also offers clinical trials management, biometric activities, consulting, imaging, contract staffing, informatics, and laboratory services. Its clinical development services include investigator recruitment, study monitoring and data collection, case report form preparation, statistical analysis, patient safety monitoring, risk-based monitoring, clinical data management, interactive response technologies, electronic patient reported outcomes, medical reporting, patient registries, outcomes research, health economics, market access and commercialization services, strategic analysis and data operations, bioanalysis, immunoassay development, pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic analysis, and study protocol preparation. The company??s clinical development services also comprise regulatory consulting, product development planning, strategic consulting, pricing and market access consulting, strategic resourcing, electronic endpoint adjudication, sample analyses, safety testing, microbiology, custom flow cytometry, electronic transmission of test results, biomarker development, adaptive trial design and execution, medical device trials, and healthcare communication services. ICON Public Limited Company was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland.
CM Finance Inc (?€?CM Finance?€?) is an externally-managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. CM Finance?€?s investment objective is to maximize the total return to its stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation through debt and related equity investments by targeting investment opportunities with favorable risk-adjusted returns. CM Finance seeks to invest primarily in middle-market companies that have annual revenues of at least $50mm and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of at least $15mm. CM Finance?€?s investment activities are managed by its investment adviser, CM Investment Partners LLC.
Iconix Brand Group, Inc. owns, licenses and markets a portfolio of consumer brands including: CANDIE'S????, BONGO????, JOE BOXER????, RAMPAGE????, MUDD????, MOSSIMO????, LONDON FOG????, OCEAN PACIFIC????, DANSKIN????, ROCAWEAR????, CANNON????, ROYAL VELVET????, FIELDCREST????, CHARISMA????, STARTER????, WAVERLY????, ZOO YORK????, UMBRO????, LEE COOPER????, ECKO UNLTD. ??, MARC ECKO????, ARTFUL DODGER????, and HYDRAULIC??. In addition, Iconix owns interests in the MATERIAL GIRL????, ED HARDY????, TRUTH OR DARE????, MODERN AMUSEMENT????, BUFFALO???? and PONY???? brands. The Company licenses its brands to a network of retailers and manufacturers. Through its in-house business development, merchandising, advertising and public relations departments, Iconix manages its brands to drive greater consumer awareness and brand loyalty.
Intercept Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of therapeutics to treat chronic liver diseases utilizing its bile acid chemistry.The Company's product candidate, obeticholic acid, or OCA, is a bile acid analog, a chemical substance that has a structure based on a naturally occurring human bile acid. It is developing OCA initially for primary biliary cirrhosis, or PBC, as a second line treatment for patients who have an inadequate response to or who are unable to tolerate standard of care therapy and therefore need additional treatment. The Company is conducting a Phase 3 clinical trial of OCA in PBC, which it calls the POISE trial, that serves as the basis for seeking regulatory approval in the United States and Europe. As of December 19, 2012, the Company completed enrollment of the POISE trial with 217 patients.
ICU Medical, Inc. develops, manufactures and sells innovative medical products used in infusion therapy, and critical care applications. ICU Medical's product portfolio includes IV smart pumps, sets, connectors, closed system transfer devices for hazardous drugs, sterile IV solutions, cardiac monitoring systems, along with pain management and safety software technology designed to help meet clinical, safety and workflow goals. ICU Medical is headquartered in San Clemente, California.
IDACORP, Inc. is based in Boise, Idaho, and was formed in 1998 as a holding company. IDACORP subsidiaries include: Idaho Power, a regulated energy company; IDACORP Financial, an investor in affordable housing projects and real estate; and Ida-West Energy, an operator of small hydroelectric projects. IDACORP's origins lie with Idaho Power and operations beginning in 1916. Today, Idaho Power employs approximately 2,000 people who serve more than 560,000 customers throughout a 24,000-square-mile area in southern Idaho and eastern Oregon.
?? InterDigital develops mobile and video technologies that are at the core of devices, networks, and services worldwide. We solve many of the industry?€?s most critical and complex technical challenges, inventing solutions for more efficient broadband networks, better video delivery, and richer multimedia experiences years ahead of market deployment. InterDigital has licenses and strategic relationships with many of the world?€?s leading technology companies. Founded in 1972, InterDigital is listed on NASDAQ and is included in the S&P MidCap 400 ?? index.
Ideanomics is a global company focused on the convergence of financial services and industries experiencing technological disruption. Our Mobile Energy Global (MEG) division is a service provider which facilitates the adoption of electric vehicles by commercial fleet operators through offering vehicle procurement, finance and leasing, and energy management solutions under our innovative sales to financing to charging (S2F2C) business model. Ideanomics Capital is focused on disruptive fintech solutions for the financial services industry. Together, MEG and Ideanomics Capital provide our global customers and partners with leading technologies and services designed to improve transparency, efficiency, and accountability, and our shareholders with the opportunity to participate in high-potential, growth industries. The company is headquartered in New York, NY, with offices in Beijing, Hangzhou, and Qingdao, and operations in the U.S., China, Ukraine, and Malaysia. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains certain statements that may include "forward looking statements".
Intellicheck is a trusted industry leader in technology solutions that stop identity theft and fraud with real-time identification authentication and age verification. We make it possible for our clients to increase revenues, improve customer service, and increase operational efficiencies. The company is focused on partnering with banks, credit card issuers and retailers to prevent fraud. Intellicheck also serves law enforcement agencies, national defense clients and diverse state and federal government agencies. For more information on Intellicheck, visit us on the web and follow us on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube.
Harnessing the approach of the earliest researchers in immunotherapy and the company?€?s vast experience in developing proprietary immunology platforms, Idera?€?s development program is focused on priming the immune system to play a more powerful role in fighting cancer, ultimately increasing the number of people who can benefit from immunotherapy. Idera also continues to focus on the acquisition, development, and ultimate commercialization of drug candidates for both oncology and rare disease indications characterized by small, well-defined patient populations with serious unmet needs.
IDT Corporation operates primarily in the telecommunications and payment industries in the United States and internationally. It operates in three segments: Telecom Platform Services, Consumer Phone Services, and Zedge Holdings, Inc (Zedge). The Telecom Platform Services segment provides retail telecommunications, including international long-distance calling products, as well as payment offerings, such as international airtime top-up and international money transfer through its Boss Revolution platform; wholesale international long distance traffic termination; and hosted platform solutions comprising customized communications services that leverage its proprietary networks, platforms, and/or technology to cable companies and other service providers. It also provides traditional disposable prepaid calling cards. The Consumer Phone Services segment offers legacy consumer local and long distance phone services. The Zedge segment owns and operates an on-line platform for mobile phone consumers interested in obtaining free games, apps, and mobile phone customization, including ringtones, wallpapers, and notification sounds. The company was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Newark, New Jersey.
Interpace Biosciences is an emerging leader in enabling personalized medicine, offering specialized services along the therapeutic value chain from early diagnosis and prognostic planning to targeted therapeutic applications. Clinical services, through Interpace Diagnostics, provides clinically useful molecular diagnostic tests, bioinformatics and pathology services for evaluating risk of cancer by leveraging the latest technology in personalized medicine for improved patient diagnosis and management. Interpace has four commercialized molecular tests and one test in a clinical evaluation process (CEP): PancraGEN ?? for the diagnosis and prognosis of pancreatic cancer from pancreatic cysts; ThyGeNEXT ?? for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a next generation sequencing assay; ThyraMIR ?? for the diagnosis of thyroid cancer from thyroid nodules utilizing a proprietary gene expression assay; and RespriDX ?? that differentiates lung cancer of primary versus metastatic origin. In addition, BarreGEN ??, a molecular based assay that helps resolve the risk of progression of Barrett?€?s Esophagus to esophageal cancer, is currently in a CEP whereby we gather information from physicians using BarreGEN ?? to assist us in gathering clinical evidence relative to the safety and performance of the test and also providing data that will potentially support payer reimbursement. Pharma services, through Interpace Pharma Solutions, provides pharmacogenomics testing, genotyping, biorepository and other customized services to the pharmaceutical and biotech industries. Pharma services also advances personalized medicine by partnering with pharmaceutical, academic, and technology leaders to effectively integrate pharmacogenomics into their drug development and clinical trial programs with the goals of delivering safer, more effective drugs to market more quickly, while also improving patient care.
IDEXX Laboratories, Inc.??is a member of the S&P 500 ?? Index and is a leader in pet healthcare innovation, serving practicing veterinarians around the world with a broad range of diagnostic and information technology-based products and services. IDEXX products enhance the ability of veterinarians to provide advanced medical care, improve staff efficiency, and build more economically successful practices. IDEXX is also a worldwide leader in providing diagnostic tests and information for livestock and poultry and tests for the quality and safety of water and milk and point-of-care and laboratory diagnostics for human medicine. Headquartered in Maine, IDEXX employs more than 9,000 people and offers products to customers in over 175 countries.
Ideaya Biosciences Inc
Infrastructure and Energy Alternatives Inc
Infrastructure and Energy Alternatives Inc. Warrant
IEC Electronics is a provider of electronic manufacturing services ("EMS") to advanced technology companies that produce life-saving and mission critical products for the medical, industrial, aerospace and defense sectors. The Company specializes in delivering technical solutions for the custom manufacture of complex full system assemblies by providing on-site analytical testing laboratories, custom design and test engineering services combined with a broad array of manufacturing services encompassing electronics, interconnect solutions, and precision metalworking. As a full service EMS provider, IEC holds all appropriate certifications for the market sectors it supports including ISO 9001:2015, AS9100D, ISO 13485, and is Nadcap accredited. IEC Electronics is headquartered in Newark, NY and also has operations in Rochester, NY and Albuquerque, NM.
Icahn Enterprises L.P., a master limited partnership, is a diversified holding company engaged in seven primary business segments: Investment, Energy, Automotive, Food Packaging, Metals, Real Estate and Home Fashion.
Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. (IES) is a provider of infrastructure services to the residential, commercial and industrial industries as well as for data centers and other mission critical environments. The Company operates primarily in the electrical infrastructure markets, with a corporate focus on expanding into other markets through strategic acquisitions or investments. The Company 's operations are organized into three business segments : Communications, Resident and Commercial and Industrial. In September 2013, Integrated Electrical Services, Inc. completed its acquisition of MISCOR Group, Ltd.
IDEX Corporation (IDEX) is an applied solutions business that sells an array of pumps, flow meters and other fluidics systems and components and engineered products to customers in a variety of markets worldwide. IDEX operates in three business segments: Fluid & Metering Technologies, Health & Science Technologies and Fire & Safety/Diversified Products. Fluid & Metering Technologies segment consist of Banjo; Energy and Fuels; Chemical, Food & Process and Water & Waste Water. Health & Science Technologies segment consist of IDEX Health & Science; IDEX Optics and Photonics; Precision Polymer Engineering; Gast; Micropump and Materials Process Technologies. Fire & Safety/Diversified Products segment consist of Fire Suppression; Rescue Tools and Band-It. In July 20, 2012, it acquired Matcon Group Limited. In March 2013, it announced the acquisition of FTL Seals Technology, Ltd. On April 11, 2012, it acquired the stock of PPC. On April 30, 2012, it acquired the stock of ERC.
International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (IFF) creates, manufactures and supplies flavors and fragrances for the food, beverage, personal care and household products industries. The Company operates in two business segments: Flavors and Fragrances. Its Flavors business includes four categories of products: Savory, Beverages, Sweet, pharmaceutical and oral care (Sweet), and Dairy. Its Fragrances business consists of Fragrance Compounds and Fragrance Ingredients. Its manufacturing facilities are located in the United States, the Netherlands, Spain, Great Britain, Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Australia, China, India, Indonesia, Japan and Singapore.
International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. 6.00% Tangible Equity Units
iFresh Inc., headquartered in Long Island City, New York, is a leading Asian American grocery supermarket chain and online grocer on the east coast of U.S. With nine retail supermarkets along the US eastern seaboard (with additional stores in Glen Cove, Miami and Connecticut opening soon), and one in-house wholesale business strategically located in cities with a highly concentrated Asian population, iFresh aims to satisfy the increasing demands of Asian Americans (whose purchasing power has been growing rapidly) for fresh and culturally unique produce, seafood and other groceries that are not found in mainstream supermarkets. With an in-house proprietary delivery network, online sales channel and strong relations with farms that produce Chinese specialty vegetables and fruits, iFresh is able to offer fresh, high-quality specialty produce at competitive prices to a growing base of customers.
InflaRx N.V.
INFRASOURCE SERVICES INC
IG Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/2 War)
India Globalization Capital, Inc. (IGC) operates as a materials and infrastructure company in India and China. In India, the Company is engaged in supplying and trading iron ore and in leasing construction equipment, and to a lesser extent constructing roads, highways and supply rock aggregate. In China, the Company owns and operates iron ore beneficiation plants and iron ore mines, and supply iron ore to steel mills, specifically in Inner Mongolia. The Company operates a shipping hub, at the border of China and Mongolia. On March 31, 2013, it completed the acquisition of the remaining 23.13% of the TBL.
International General Insurance Holdings Ltd
International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. Warrant expiring 3172025
Headquartered in Mountain View, California, IGM Biosciences is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on creating and developing engineered IgM antibodies. Since 2010, IGM Biosciences has worked to overcome the manufacturing and protein engineering hurdles that have limited the therapeutic use of IgM antibodies. Through its efforts, IGM Biosciences has created a proprietary IgM technology platform for the development of IgM antibodies for those clinical indications where their inherent properties may provide advantages as compared to IgG antibodies.
International Game Technology (IGT) is a global gaming company specializing in the design, development, manufacture, and marketing of electronic gaming equipment and systems products, including online and mobile solutions. IGT markets an array of gaming product lines and targets gaming markets worldwide. The Company derives its revenues from the distribution of electronic gaming equipment, systems, services and licensing. IGT operates in two segments: North America and International. North America consists of the Company's operations in the United States and Canada, which comprised 76% of the revenue during the fiscal year ended October 1, 2011 (fiscal 2011). International consists of its operations in all other jurisdictions worldwide, which comprised 24% of the consolidated revenues in fiscal 2011. In June 2011, IGT acquired a 97.6% interest in Entraction Holding AB. In September 2011, the Company sold UK Barcrest Group to Scientific Games Corporation.
NYSE ARCA LISTED TEST STOCK FOR CTS CQS
iHuman Inc. is a leading childhood edutainment company in China that is committed to transforming learning into a fun journey for every child. Benefiting from a legacy that combines a strong educational foundation and decades of experience in childhood education with cutting edge technology and an outstanding reputation for original entertainment content, iHuman provides children with unique, interactive, and entertaining learning experiences. The Company's comprehensive suite of innovative and high-quality products and services caters to the educational needs of kids at school and at home, both online and offline, and covers diverse subjects, including Chinese learning, English, mathematics and critical thinking, literacy and reading, Chinese culture, STEM and other subjects. iHuman's line-up of highly effective edutainment products and services include interactive and??self-directed learning apps, as well as learning materials and smart learning devices. With solid pedagogy, deep understanding of children's education and psychology, as well as advanced technology capabilities in gamification, AI/AR technologies, and big data analysis, iHuman believes it will continue to provide learning experiences that are both educational and fun for children in China and all over the world through its integrated suite of childhood edutainment products and services.
Independence Holding Company (IHC) is a holding company principally engaged in the life and health insurance business. The Company provides specialized life and health coverage and related services to commercial customers and individuals. The Company's wholly owned insurance company subsidiaries, Standard Security Life Insurance Company of New York (Standard Security Life) and Madison National Life Insurance Company, Inc. (Madison National Life) market their products through independent and affiliated brokers, producers and agents. On December 31, 2011, it acquired 78% interest of American Independence Corp. (AMIC), which owns Independence American Insurance Company (Independence American), several managing general underwriters (MGUs) and controlling interests in three agencies. In 2011, AMIC acquired an additional 38% ownership interest in its subsidiary, Independent Producers of America, LLC.
InterContinental Hotels Group PLC owns, manages, franchises, and leases hotels and resorts worldwide. It operates hotels, resorts, and restaurants under various brands, including InterContinental, HUALUXE, Crowne Plaza, Hotel Indigo, Holiday Inn, Holiday Inn Express, Candlewood Suites, Staybridge Suites, EVEN, and Kimpton. The company also manages IHG Rewards Club, a hotel loyalty program with approximately 84 million members worldwide. As of March 26, 2015, it owned, managed, leased, and franchised approximately 4,800 hotels and 710,000 guest rooms in approximately 100 countries. The company was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Denham, the United Kingdom.
iHeartMedia is the number one audio company in the United States, reaching nine out of 10 Americans every month ?€? and with its quarter of a billion monthly listeners, has a greater reach than any other media company in the U.S. The company?€?s leadership position in audio extends across multiple platforms, including more than 850 live broadcast stations in over 160 markets nationwide; through its iHeartRadio digital service available across more than 250 platforms and 2,000 devices; through its influencers; social; branded iconic live music events; other digital products and newsletters; and podcasts as the #1 commercial podcast publisher. iHeartMedia also leads the audio industry in analytics, targeting and attribution for its marketing partners with its SmartAudio product, using data from its massive consumer base.
InnSuites Hospitality Trust (the Trust) is an real estate investment trust (REIT). The Trust, with its affiliates RRF Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), and InnSuites Hotels, Inc., a Nevada corporation (InnSuites Hotels), owns and operates five hotels, provides management services for eight hotels, and provides trademark license services for nine hotels. On January 31, 2012, it owned a 71.98% sole general partner interest in the Partnership, which wholly owned two InnSuites hotels located in Tucson, Arizona and Ontario, California, and together with the Trust owned a 57.96% interest in another InnSuites hotel located in Tucson, Arizona. It also wholly owned one InnSuites hotel located in Yuma, Arizona and owned a direct 42.25% interest in one InnSuites hotel located in Albuquerque, New Mexico (all five InnSuites hotels (the Hotels). It purchased 75,726 Partnership units, during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2012 (fiscal 2012).
Investindustrial Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/3 War)
Information Services Group, Inc. (ISG) is a technology insights, market intelligence and advisory services company serving more than 500 clients worldwide. ISG supports private and public sector organizations to transform and optimize its operational environments through research, benchmarking, consulting and managed services with a focus on information technology, business process transformation, program management services and enterprise resource planning. The Company provides four lines of services: research, benchmarking and analytics, strategic consulting and managed services. It operates in 21 countries and across numerous industries. Its private sector clients operate in the financial services, telecommunications, healthcare and pharmaceuticals, manufacturing, transportation and travel and energy and utilities industries. On January 10, 2012, it announced the merging of its individual corporate brands into one globally integrated go-to-market business under the ISG brand.
Insteel Industries, Inc. (Insteel) is a manufacturer of steel wire reinforcing products for concrete construction applications. Insteel manufactures and markets prestressed concrete strand (PC strand) and welded wire reinforcement (WWR) products, including concrete pipe reinforcement (CPR), ESM and standard welded wire reinforcement (SWWR). Its products are primarily sold to manufacturers of concrete products that are used in non-residential construction. Insteel has two wholly owned subsidiaries, Insteel Wire Products Company (IWP), its operating subsidiary, and Intercontinental Metals Corporation, an inactive subsidiary. As of October 1, 2011, the Company operated nine manufacturing facilities located in Dayton, Texas; Gallatin, Tennessee; Hazleton, Pennsylvania; Hickman, Kentucky; Jacksonville, Florida; Kingman, Arizona; Mount Airy, North Carolina; Sanderson, Florida, and St. Joseph, Missouri.
i3 Verticals Inc
Headquartered in??Arden Hills, Minn.,??IntriCon Corporation??designs, develops and manufactures miniature interventional, implantable and body-worn devices. These advanced products help medical, healthcare and professional communications companies meet the rising demand for smaller, more intelligent and better-connected devices. IntriCon??has facilities in??the United States,??Asia, and??Europe. The company?€?s common stock trades under the symbol ?€?IIN?€? on the??NASDAQ Global Market.
Innovative Industrial Properties, Inc. is a self-advised Maryland corporation focused on the acquisition, ownership and management of specialized industrial properties leased to experienced, state-licensed operators for their regulated medical-use cannabis facilities. Innovative Industrial Properties, Inc. has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, commencing with the year ended December 31, 2017.
Innovative Industrial Properties Inc. 9.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
II-VI Incorporated, a global leader in engineered materials and optoelectronic components, is a vertically integrated manufacturing company that develops innovative products for diversified applications in communications, materials processing, aerospace & defense, semiconductor capital equipment, life sciences, consumer electronics, and automotive markets. Headquartered in Saxonburg, Pennsylvania, the Company has research and development, manufacturing, sales, service, and distribution facilities worldwide. The Company produces a wide variety of application-specific photonic and electronic materials and components, and deploys them in various forms, including integrated with advanced software to support our customers.

Innovator ETFs Trust Innovator MSCI EAFE Power Buffer ETF January
IKONICS Corporation (IKONICS) is engaged in the development, manufacture and selling of photosensitive liquids (emulsions) and films for the screen printing and awards and recognition industries. IKONICS's Micro-Machining business unit uses its patent applied for photoresist film for the abrasive etching of silicon wafers, glass wafers, industrial ceramics and composite materials. The customer base for Micro-Machining is primarily the electronics and aerospace industries. It has also developed a patented digital texturing technology (DTX) for putting patterns and textures into steel molds for the plastic injection molding industry. The original equipment manufacturer (OEM) for IKONICS's DTX technology is primarily the automotive industry. It offers a suite of products to the mold making industry. The Company has four primary technology platforms: Ultraviolet (UV) chemistry, film coating and construction, technical abrasive etching, and industrial inkjet printing.
Illumina is improving human health by unlocking the power of the genome. Our focus on innovation has established us as the global leader in DNA sequencing and array-based technologies, serving customers in the research, clinical and applied markets. Our products are used for applications in the life sciences, oncology, reproductive health, agriculture and other emerging segments.
Industrial Logistics Properties Trust - Ordinary Shares
I-Mab is a dynamic, global biotech company exclusively focused on discovery, development and soon commercialization of novel or highly differentiated biologics in the therapeutic areas of immuno-oncology and autoimmune diseases. The Company's mission is to bring transformational medicines to patients around the world through innovation. I-Mab's innovative pipeline of more than 10 clinical and pre-clinical stage drug candidates is driven by the Company's Fast-to-PoC (Proof-of-Concept) and Fast-to-Market development strategies through internal R&D and global partnerships. The Company is on track to transitioning from a clinical stage biotech company toward a fully integrated global biopharmaceutical company with cutting-edge R&D capabilities, world-class GMP manufacturing facility and commercial capability. I-Mab has offices in Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Hong Kong and Maryland, United States.
IMAC Holdings was created in March 2015 to expand on the footprint of the original IMAC Regeneration Center, which opened in Kentucky in August 2000. IMAC Regeneration Centers combine life science advancements with traditional medical care for movement-restricting diseases and conditions. IMAC owns or manages 15 outpatient clinics that provide regenerative, orthopedic, and minimally invasive procedures and therapies. It has partnered with several active and former professional athletes, opening two Ozzie Smith IMAC Regeneration Centers, two David Price IMAC Regeneration Centers, as well as Mike Ditka IMAC Regeneration Centers and a Tony Delk IMAC Regeneration Center. IMAC?€?s outpatient medical clinics emphasize its focus around treating sports and orthopedic injuries without surgery or opioids.
IMAC Holdings Inc Wt Exp 12/18/2023
IMAX, an innovator in entertainment technology, combines proprietary software, architecture and equipment to create experiences that take you beyond the edge of your seat to a world you've never imagined. Top filmmakers and studios are utilizing IMAX theatres to connect with audiences in extraordinary ways, and, as such, IMAX's network is among the most important and successful theatrical distribution platforms for major event films around the globe. IMAX is headquartered in??New York,??Toronto, and??Los Angeles, with additional offices in??London,??Dublin,??Tokyo, and??Shanghai. As of??June 30, 2020, there were 1,615 IMAX theatre systems (1,527 commercial multiplexes, 13 commercial destinations, 75 institutional) operating in 81 countries and territories. Shares of IMAX China Holding, Inc., a subsidiary of??IMAX Corporation, trade on the??Hong Kong Stock Exchange??under the stock code "HK.1970." IMAX??, IMAX?? Dome, IMAX?? 3D, IMAX?? 3D Dome, Experience It In IMAX??, The IMAX Experience??, An IMAX Experience??, An IMAX 3D Experience??, IMAX DMR??, DMR??, IMAX nXos?? and Films to the Fullest ??, are trademarks and trade names of the Company or its subsidiaries that are registered or otherwise protected under laws of various jurisdictions.
EVINE Live Inc. operates as a digital commerce company in the United States. The company markets, sells, and distributes products to consumers through TV, online, mobile, and social media in the merchandise categories of home, beauty, health and fitness, fashion and accessories, jewelry and watches, and consumer electronics. It has access to approximately 88 million cable and satellite television homes, as well as available through live streaming at evine.com. The company was formerly known as ValueVision Media, Inc. and changed its name to EVINE Live Inc. in November 2014. EVINE Live Inc. was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Eden Prairie, Minnesota.

ImmunoGen, Inc. (ImmunoGen) develops targeted, antibody-based therapeutics for the treatment of cancer. ImmunoGen designs linkers that enable antibody-based therapeutics for the treatment of cancer agents to remain stably attached to the antibodies while in the blood stream and be released in their fully active form after delivery to a cancer cell. An anticancer compound made using the Company's Targeted Antibody Payload (TAP), technology consists of a monoclonal antibody. The Company's TAP technology is designed to enable the creation of well-tolerated anticancer products. As of June 30, 2012, ImmunoGen had three wholly owned clinical-stage product candidates included IMGN901, IMGN853, and IMGN529, and other TAP compounds in earlier stages of development.
Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. operates as an independent residential mortgage lender in the United States. The company operates through three segments: Mortgage Lending, Real Estate Services, and Long-Term Mortgage Portfolio. The Mortgage Lending segment primarily originates, sells, and services residential mortgage loans eligible for sale to the U.S. government-sponsored enterprises; and government mortgage loans eligible for government securities issued through Ginnie Mae. The Real Estate Services segment provides loss mitigation and real estate services primarily on its long-term mortgage portfolio, including default surveillance and loss recovery, loan modification, short sale, real estate owned surveillance and disposition services, as well as monitoring, reconciling, and reporting services for residential and multifamily mortgage portfolios. The Long-Term Mortgage Portfolio segment manages the long-term mortgage portfolio, which consists of residual interests in the securitization trusts reflected as trust assets and liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets to mitigate losses and maximize cash flows from residual interests. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Irvine, California.
Ingles Markets, Incorporated is a leading supermarket chain with operations in six southeastern states. Headquartered in Asheville, North Carolina, the Company operates 198 supermarkets. In conjunction with its supermarket operations, the Company operates neighborhood shopping centers, most of which contain an Ingles supermarket. The Company also owns a fluid dairy facility that supplies Company supermarkets and unaffiliated customers. The Company?€?s Class A Common Stock is traded on The NASDAQ Stock Market?€?s Global Select Market under the symbol IMKTA.
Immutep Ltd
Immersion Corporation is the leading innovator of touch feedback technology, also known as haptics. The company invents, accelerates, and scales haptic experiences by providing technology solutions for mobile, automotive, gaming, and consumer electronics. Haptic technology creates immersive and realistic experiences that enhance digital interactions by engaging users' sense of touch. Immersion is headquartered in San Francisco, California, with offices worldwide.
Immunome is a biopharmaceutical company utilizing our proprietary human memory B cell platform to discover and develop first-in-class antibody therapeutics designed to change the way diseases are currently being treated. Immunome?€?s proprietary discovery platform identifies novel therapeutic antibodies and their targets by leveraging highly educated components of the immune system, memory B cells, from patients who have learned to fight off their disease.
Imperial Oil Limited (Imperial) is an integrated oil company. The Company is engaged in the exploration for, and production and sale of, crude oil and natural gas. In Canada, it is a producer of crude oil and natural gas, a petroleum refiner and a marketer of petroleum products. The Company is also a producer of petrochemicals. The Company's operates in three segments: Upstream, Downstream and Chemical. Upstream operations include the exploration for, and production of, conventional crude oil, natural gas, synthetic oil and bitumen. Downstream operations consist of the transportation and refining of crude oil, blending of refined products, and the distribution and marketing of those products. Chemical operations consist of the manufacturing and marketing of various petrochemicals. The Company owns and operates four refineries. On February 26, 2013, ExxonMobil Canada acquired Celtic Exploration Ltd. (Celtic).
ChipMOS TECHNOLOGIES (Bermuda) LTD., through its subsidiaries, provides semiconductor testing and assembly services, and memory and logic/mixed-signal products. The company offers a range of back-end testing services for memory and logic/mixed-signal semiconductors that include engineering testing consisting of software program development, electrical design validation, reliability analysis, and failure analysis; wafer probing that involves visual inspection and electrical testing of the processed wafer for defects; laser repairing of memory products; burn-in testing to screen out unreliable products; top marking; final testing; and final inspection and packing. It also provides assembly services, including wafer lapping, die saw, die attach, wire bonding, molding, marking, dejunking and trimming, electrical plating, ball mount and reflow, and forming/singulation. In addition, the company offers testing and assembly services for LCD and other flat-panel display driver semiconductors, as well as gold bumping services for fine-pitch chips. Further, it provides drop shipment services, including assembly in customer-approved and branded boxes; and software engineering services consisting of test program development, conversion, and optimization, as well as related hardware design. The company??s tested and assembled semiconductors are used in personal computers; graphics applications, such as game consoles and personal digital assistants; communications equipment, including cellular handsets; consumer electronic products; and display applications, such as flat-panel displays. It operates in Taiwan, Singapore, the United States, Korea, Japan, Hong Kong, and other countries. ChipMOS TECHNOLOGIES (Bermuda) LTD. was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Hsinchu, Taiwan.
AEA-Bridges Impact Corp - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/2 War)
IMARA Inc
Immuron Limited (ASX: IMC, NASDAQ: IMRN), is an Australian biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing orally delivered targeted polyclonal antibodies for the treatment of inflammatory mediated and infectious diseases. Immuron has a novel and safe technology platform with one commercial asset generating revenue. In Australia, Travelan?? is a listed medicine on the Australian Register of Therapeutic Goods (AUST L 106709) and is indicated to reduce the risk of Travellers?€? Diarrhea, reduce the risk of minor gastro-intestinal disorders and is antimicrobial. In Canada, Travelan?? is a licenced natural health product (NPN 80046016) and is indicated to reduce the risk of Travellers?€? Diarrhea. In the U.S., Travelan?? is sold as a dietary supplement for digestive tract protection in accordance with section 403 (r)(6) of the Federal Drug Administration (FDA).

"Integrated Media Technology Limited is a technology investment, product development and distribution company. Our businesses involves three distinct business units (i) core technology development and acquisition, (ii) commercializing these technologies into products or services and (iii) distribution and branding of these products and services. Today, IMT is a technology driven company that focuses on technology innovation to drive the Company business.

Under the Technology Business Unit, we intend to own a stable of core technologies through acquisition, in-house development or in collaboration with research institutes. We can also profit from disposing some of the mature technology to non-competing parties once we have developed more advance technology that supersedes the mature ones. Our Products and Services Business Unit will commercialize the technology by integrating or developing innovative products, solutions and services using the technology. This will be the revenue drivers for the Group. The Brand / Distribution Business Unit is the final phase to set up the distribution network and channels for our own branded products. These business units are all interwoven and interdependent on the development of the other business units. For example, products development depends on the success of the technology, and distribution is dependent on the products being developed. Therefore, the Group?€?s resources allocation is skewed towards technology development today.

Currently our primary focus is in the 3D autostereoscopic (glasses free) technology domain. Our principal activities are (i) research and development of 3D autostereoscopic (glasses free) technology, (ii) the development, sale and distribution of 3D autostereoscopic display, 3D video wall, 3D conversion equipment and software, provision of 3D consultancy services, sale of 3D technology solutions, and (iii) sale and distribution of audio products.

Since 2013, we have been involved in the sale of 3D autostereoscopic displays to the advertising industry. Due to the growth in the demand for 3D autostereoscopic displays across multiple industries i.e. advertising, retail including mobile handheld devices like tablets and smartphones, and educational sectors to name a few, the Group intends to become a leader in 3D autostereoscopic market by strategically owning and controlling the core technologies of (i) glasses-free 3D video encoding/decoding; (ii) conversion hardware for glasses-free 3D which includes FPGA (field-programmable gate array) board & computer workstation; (iii) 2D to 3D and multi-view conversion software (Visumotion); and (iv) content distribution/management system (CMS). In 2015, we acquired Marvel Digital Limited (?€?MDL?€?), a technology company that develops (i) a proprietary digital content management system for the display of 2D/3D video and text to networked screens over the internet, (ii) 2D to 3D conversion software and workstation, and (iii) autostereoscopic 3D display technology. These technologies acquired will help in our deployment of 3D advertising platform and also allows the Group to use the core technologies to develop and customize solutions for our customers, and to enter new and exciting markets for 3D products and services.

To strengthen the Group?€?s product offering, in February 2015 we started the audio division by first acquiring 100% interest in Conco International Co., Ltd. (?€?CICL?€?), a company principally engaged in the design, sales and distribution of audio products and then in May 2015, we entered into a cooperation agreement to set up a joint venture to distribute and market branded ?€?Syllable?€? headsets globally except for the markets in China, India and Pakistan. In March 2016, we streamlined and consolidated the operation of speakers and headset business into one operation. Our immediate goal is to be recognized as a leader in providing end-to-end solutions using the autostereoscopic display (?€?ASD?€?) technology. Our products range from commercial platforms to consumer electronics. Commercial platforms include digital signage and video wall with ASD functions and associated advertising platform. Consumer electronics products include ASD enabled smartphone and tablet and TV. The applications are endless for consumers to enjoy the exciting glasses-free 3D visual effect across multiple platforms.

In the longer term, we will continue to focus on developing certain core technologies and to strategically position ourselves to be recognized as a leader in developing technology solutions and innovative products and services using our core technologies."
Immatics N.V
Immatics N.V Warrants 01072025
Immunic, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a pipeline of selective oral immunology therapies aimed at treating chronic inflammatory and autoimmune diseases, including relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis, ulcerative colitis, Crohn's disease, and psoriasis. Immunic is developing three small molecule products: its lead development program, IMU-838, is a selective immune modulator that inhibits the intracellular metabolism of activated immune cells by blocking the enzyme DHODH and exhibits a host-based antiviral effect; IMU-935 is an inverse agonist of ROR??t; and IMU-856 targets the restoration of the intestinal barrier function. Immunic announced positive results from its phase 2 EMPhASIS trial of IMU-838 in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis, reporting achievement of both primary and key secondary endpoints with high statistical significance. IMU-838 is also in phase 2 clinical development for ulcerative colitis and COVID-19, with an additional phase 2 trial considered in Crohn's disease. An investigator-sponsored proof-of-concept clinical trial for IMU-838 in primary sclerosing cholangitis is ongoing at the Mayo Clinic.
IMV Inc - Ordinary Shares
Immunovant, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on enabling normal lives for patients with autoimmune diseases. Immunovant is developing IMVT-1401, a novel, fully human anti-FcRn monoclonal antibody, as a subcutaneous injection for the treatment of autoimmune diseases mediated by pathogenic IgG antibodies.
International Money Express, Inc. is a leading processor of money transfer services in the United States to Latin America and the Caribbean and the customer is at the center of everything we do. We use proprietary technology that enables consumers to send money primarily from the United States and Canada to 17 countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, seven countries in Africa and two countries in Asia. We offer electronic movement of money and data to our customers through our network of sending and paying agents located in all U.S. 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada, and throughout Latin America, the Caribbean and other territories. Our services are also available digitally through intermexonline.com, our mobile app, and 34 Company-operated stores. The Company was founded in 1994 and its headquarters is located in Miami, Florida with offices in Puebla, Mexico, and Guatemala City, Guatemala.

INSU Acquisition Corp II
INSU Acquisition Corp II - Warrants (01/01/9999)
First Internet Bancorp is a bank holding company with assets of $4.3 billion as of June 30, 2020. The Company?€?s subsidiary, First Internet Bank, opened for business in 1999 as an industry pioneer in the branchless delivery of banking services. The Bank provides consumer and small business deposit, consumer loan, residential mortgage, and specialty finance services nationally as well as commercial real estate loans, commercial and industrial loans, SBA financing and treasury management services in select geographies. First Internet Bancorp?€?s common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ?€?INBK?€? and is a component of the Russell 2000?? Index.

First Internet Bancorp FXDFR NT REDEEM 30062029 USD 25
Inhibrx is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing a broad pipeline of novel biologic therapeutic candidates in oncology and orphan diseases. Inhibrx utilizes diverse methods of protein engineering to address the specific requirements of complex target and disease biology, including its proprietary sdAb platform. Inhibrx has collaborations with bluebird bio, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Chiesi.
Incyte is a Wilmington, Delaware-based, global biopharmaceutical company focused on finding solutions for serious unmet medical needs through the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics.
"Independent Bank Corp. (NASDAQ Global Select Market: INDB) is the
holding company for Rockland Trust Company, a full-service commercial
bank headquartered in Massachusetts. Named in 2018 to The Boston Globe?€?s
?€?Top Places to Work?€? list for the 10th consecutive year, Rockland Trust
offers a wide range of banking, investment, and insurance services. Rockland Trust serves businesses and individuals through approximately
100 retail branches, commercial and residential lending centers, and
investment management offices in eastern Massachusetts, including
Greater Boston, the South Shore, the Cape and Islands, as well as in
Worcester County and Rhode Island. Rockland Trust also offers a full
suite of mobile, online, and telephone banking services. Rockland Trust
is an FDIC member and an Equal Housing Lender. To find out why Rockland
Trust is the bank ?€?Where Each Relationship Matters???€?, please visit www.rocklandtrust.com."
Indonesia Energy Corp Ltd
Infinity is an innovative biopharmaceutical company dedicated to advancing novel medicines for people with cancer. Infinity is advancing eganelisib, a first-in-class, oral immuno-oncology development candidate that selectively inhibits PI3K-gamma, in multiple clinical studies. MARIO-275 is a global, randomized, controlled combination study of eganelisib combined with Opdivo ?? in I/O na??ve urothelial cancer. MARIO-3 is the first eganelisib combination study in front-line advanced cancer patients and is evaluating eganelisib in combination with Tecentriq ?? and Abraxane ?? in front-line TNBC and in combination with Tecentriq ?? and Avastin ?? in front-line RCC. In collaboration with Arcus Biosciences, Infinity is evaluating a checkpoint inhibitor-free, novel combination regimen of eganelisib plus AB928 (dual adenosine receptor antagonist) plus Doxil ?? in advanced TNBC patients. In 2019, Infinity completed enrollment in MARIO-1, a Phase 1/1b study evaluating eganelisib as a monotherapy and in combination with Opdivo ?? (nivolumab) in patients with advanced solid tumors including patients refractory to checkpoint inhibitor therapy. With these studies Infinity is evaluating eganelisib in the anti-PD-1 refractory, I/O-na??ve, and front-line settings.
Infinera is a global supplier of innovative networking solutions that enable carriers, cloud operators, governments, and enterprises to scale network bandwidth, accelerate service innovation, and automate network operations. The Infinera end-to-end packet optical portfolio delivers industry-leading economics and performance in long-haul, submarine, data center interconnect, and metro transport applications.
IHS Markit is a world leader in critical information, analytics and solutions for the major industries and markets that drive economies worldwide. The company delivers next-generation information, analytics and solutions to customers in business, finance and government, improving their operational efficiency and providing deep insights that lead to well-informed, confident decisions. IHS Markit has more than 50,000 business and government customers, including 80 percent of the Fortune Global 500 and the world's leading financial institutions. Headquartered in London, IHS Markit is committed to sustainable, profitable growth. About Fi-Tek, LLC With over 350 professionals, Fi-Tek is a leading provider of technology and technology-enabled solutions to wealth management, global family office, hedge fund, & private equity organizations. Diverse domestic and international financial institutions, including Asset Managers, Trust Institutions and Global Private Banks, Family Offices, Hedge Fund Managers, Fund Administrators, and Broker/Dealers, service over $1.4 trillion dollars of assets on Fi-Tek's suite of Private Wealth Technology Solutions consisting of Global Wealth ES, Rockit Command, and HedgeTek platforms. Fi-Tek also offers full-service outsourcing services to over 200 family offices and trust & wealth management banks around the country.
InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. (NYSE American: INFU), is a leading national health care service provider, facilitating outpatient care for durable medical equipment manufacturers and health care providers. INFU services are provided under a two-platform model. The lead platform is Integrated Therapy Services (?€?ITS?€?), providing the last-mile solution for clinic-to-home healthcare where the continuing treatment involves complex durable medical equipment and services. The ITS segment is comprised of the Oncology, Pain Management, and Wound Therapy businesses. The second platform, Durable Medical Equipment Services (?€?DME Services?€?), supports the ITS platform and leverages strong service orientation to win incremental business from its direct payor clients. The DME Services segment is comprised of direct payor rentals, pump and consumable sales, and biomedical services and repair. Headquartered in Rochester Hills, Michigan, the Company delivers local, field-based customer support and also operates Centers of Excellence in Michigan, Kansas, California, Massachusetts and Ontario, Canada.
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With nearly four decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem. Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys can help your enterprise navigate your next.
ING Groep N.V., a financial institution, provides banking products and services to individuals, small and medium enterprises, and mid-corporates. It operates through Retail Netherlands; Retail Belgium; Retail Germany; Retail Rest of World; and Commercial Banking segments. The company accepts various deposits, such as current and savings accounts; and offers business lending, mortgages, consumer lending, cash management, corporate finance, real estate, and lease products. It operates in the Netherlands, Belgium, Rest of Europe, North America, Latin America, Asia, and Australia. The company was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. ING Groep N.V. is a subsidiary of Stichting ING Aandelen.
We are a medical technology company offering innovative respiratory products for use in the homecare setting. We primarily develop, manufacture and market innovative portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions.
Ingredion Incorporated headquartered in the suburbs of Chicago, is a leading global ingredient solutions provider serving customers in more than 120 countries. With 2018 annual net sales of nearly $6 billion, the Company turns grains, fruits, vegetables and other plant materials into value-added ingredients and biomaterial solutions for the food, beverage, paper and corrugating, brewing and other industries. With Ingredion Idea Labs ?? innovation centers around the world and more than 11,000 employees, the Company develops ingredient solutions to meet consumers' evolving needs by making crackers crunchy, yogurt creamy, candy sweet, paper stronger, and adding fiber to nutrition bars.
InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc
INmune Bio, Inc. is a publicly traded, clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing treatments that target the innate immune system to fight disease. INmune Bio has two product platforms. The DN-TNF product platform utilizes dominant-negative technology to selectively neutralize soluble TNF, a key driver of innate immune dysfunction and mechanistic target of many diseases. DN-TNF is currently in clinical trials to determine if it can help treat for COVID-19 complications (Quellor???), cancer (INB03???), Alzheimer?€?s and treatment resistant depression (XPro595), and NASH (LIVNate???). The Natural Killer Cell Priming Platform includes INKmune??? aimed at priming the patient?€?s NK cells to eliminate minimal residual disease in patients with cancer. INmune Bio?€?s product platforms utilize a precision medicine approach for the treatment of a wide variety of hematologic malignancies, solid tumors and chronic inflammation.
InMode Ltd. is a leading global provider of innovative medical technologies. InMode develops, manufactures, and markets devices harnessing novel radio-frequency (RF) technology. InMode strives to enable new emerging surgical procedures as well as improve existing treatments. InMode has leveraged its medically-accepted minimally-invasive RF technologies to offer a comprehensive line of products across several categories for plastic surgery, gynecology, dermatology, otolaryngology, and ophthalmology.
Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (Summit REIT) is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is a hotel investment company. Summit REIT holds both general and limited partnership interests in Summit Hotel OP, LP (the Operating Partnership). The Company conducts its business through its operating partnership. As of December 31, 2011, its real estate investment portfolio consisted of 70 upscale, upper midscale and midscale hotels with a total of 7,095 guestrooms located in small, mid-sized and suburban markets in 19 states. It focuses on acquiring and owning hotels in the upper midscale and upscale segments of the United Sates lodging industry, as these segments are defined by Smith Travel Research (STR). In October 2013, Summit Hotel Properties Inc closed on the acquisition of two hotels. The Company also announced the disposition of three hotels.
Summit Hotel Properties Inc. 6.45% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Summit Hotel Properties Inc. 6.250% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Inovio is a biotechnology company focused on rapidly bringing to market precisely designed DNA medicines to treat, cure, and protect people from diseases associated with HPV, cancer, and infectious diseases. Inovio is the first and only company to have clinically demonstrated that a DNA medicine can be delivered directly into cells in the body via a proprietary smart device to produce a robust and tolerable immune response. Specifically, Inovio?€?s lead candidate VGX-3100, currently in Phase 3 trials for precancerous cervical dysplasia, demonstrated it destroyed and cleared high-risk HPV 16 and 18 in a Phase 2b clinical trial. High-risk HPV is responsible for 70% of cervical cancer, 90% of anal cancer, and 69% of vulvar cancer. Also in development are programs targeting HPV-related cancers and a rare HPV-related disease: recurrent respiratory papillomatosis (RRP); non-HPV-related cancers glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) and prostate cancer; as well as externally funded infectious disease DNA vaccine development programs in Zika, Lassa fever, Ebola, HIV, and coronaviruses MERS and COVID-19. Partners and collaborators include Advaccine, ApolloBio Corporation, AstraZeneca, The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI), Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, GeneOne Life Science, HIV Vaccines Trial Network, Medical CBRN Defense Consortium (MCDC), National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Plumbline Life Sciences, Regeneron, Roche/Genentech, University of Pennsylvania, Walter Reed Army Institute of Research, and The Wistar Institute. Inovio also is a proud recipient of 2020 Women on Boards "W" designation recognizing companies with more than 20% women on their board of directors.
Innodata Inc., formerly Innodata Isogen, Inc., is a provider of business process, technology and consulting services, as well as products and solutions that help its clients create, manage, use and distribute digital information. The Company has developed a client base that includes media, publishing and information services companies, as well as enterprises in information-intensive industries, such as aerospace, defense, financial services, government, healthcare, high technology, insurance, intelligence, manufacturing and law. The Company operates in two segments: Content Services and Innodata Advanced Data Solutions (IADS). The Company's Content Services segment provides services that support the creation, enhancement, and re-purposing of digital content. The Company launched IADS as a separate segment to perform advanced data analysis. IADS operates through two divisions: the Synodex division and the docGenix division.
Inovalon Holdings, Inc., a technology company, provides advanced cloud-based data analytics and data-driven intervention platforms to the healthcare industry in the United States. Its platforms enable its clients to achieve meaningful insight and improvement in clinical and quality outcomes, utilization, and financial performance. The company was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Bowie, Maryland.
Inpixon?? is the Indoor Intelligence??? company that specializes in capturing, interpreting and giving context to indoor data so it can be translated into actionable intelligence. The company's Indoor Intelligence platform ingests diverse data from IoT, third-party and proprietary sensors designed to detect and position active cellular, Wi-Fi, UWB and Bluetooth devices. Paired with a high-performance data analytics engine, patented algorithms, and advanced mapping technology, Inpixon's solutions are leveraged by a multitude of industries to do good with indoor data. This multidisciplinary depiction of indoor data enables users to increase revenue, decrease costs, and enhance safety. Inpixon customers can boldly take advantage of location awareness, analytics, sensor fusion and the Internet of Things (IoT) to uncover the untold stories of the indoors. For the latest insights, follow??Inpixon on LinkedIn, Twitter, and visit inpixon.com.
For over thirty-five years, Intelligent Systems Corporation [NYSE American: INS] has identified, created, operated and grown technology companies. The company?€?s principal operations are CoreCard Software, Inc. ( www.corecard.com ) and its affiliate companies. CoreCard provides prepaid and credit card processing services using its proprietary software solutions that it also licenses to others. CoreCard has designed and developed a comprehensive suite of software solutions that corporations, financial institutions, retailers and processors use to manage credit and debit cards, prepaid cards, private label cards, fleet cards, loyalty programs, and accounts receivable and small loan transactions. CoreCard's flexible and proven processing platform is being utilized in many countries in addition to the United States including Australia, Canada, China, the United Arab Emirates, France, Italy, Mexico, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa and the United Kingdom.

Inseego Corp. is an industry pioneer in smart device-to-cloud solutions that extend the 5G network edge, enabling broader 5G coverage, multi-gigabit data speeds, low latency and strong security to deliver highly reliable internet access. Our innovative mobile broadband and fixed wireless access (FWA) solutions incorporate the most advanced technologies (including 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 6 and others) into a wide range of products that provide robust connectivity indoors, outdoors and in the harshest industrial environments. Designed and developed in the USA, Inseego products and SaaS solutions build on the company?€?s patented technologies to provide the highest quality wireless connectivity for service providers, enterprises, and government entities worldwide. www.inseego.com #Putting5GtoWork ??2020. Inseego Corp. All rights reserved. The Inseego name and logo are trademarks of Inseego Corp. Other Company, product or service names mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Insmed Incorporated is a biopharmaceutical company focused on patients suffering with lung diseases through the development and commercialization of targeted inhalation therapies. The Company's lead candidate ARIKACE, is engineered to deliver anti-infective directly to the site of lung infections for at least two identified patient populations: cystic fibrosis (CF) patients with Pseudomonas aeuruginosa lung infections and patients with nontuberculous mycobacteria lung infections (NTM). During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company was focused on its ARIKACE clinical development program, which includes a phase II clinical study of ARIKACE in patients with NTM lung disease (TARGET-NTM), as well as a European and Canadian registration phase III clinical study of ARIKACE in CF patients with Pseudomonas lung infections (CLEAR-108). ARIKACE is considered a New Chemical Entity by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), primarily due to its liposomal technology.
Inspire Medical Systems Inc - Ordinary Shares
International Seaways, Inc. is one of the largest tanker companies worldwide providing energy transportation services for crude oil and petroleum products in International Flag markets. International Seaways owns and operates a fleet of 39 vessels, including 13 VLCCs, two Suezmaxes, five Aframaxes/LR2s, 13 Panamaxes/LR1s and 4 MR tankers. Through joint ventures, it has ownership interests in two floating storage and offloading service vessels. International Seaways has an experienced team committed to the very best operating practices and the highest levels of customer service and operational efficiency. International Seaways is headquartered in New York City, NY.
International Seaways Inc. 8.50% Senior Notes due June 30 2023
Headquartered in Miami, Florida, World Fuel Services is a global energy management company involved in providing energy procurement advisory services, supply fulfillment and transaction and payment management solutions to commercial and industrial customers, principally in the aviation, marine and land transportation industries. World Fuel Services sells fuel and delivers services to its clients at more than 8,000 locations in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide.
Intel is an industry leader, creating world-changing technology that enables global progress and enriches lives. Inspired by Moore?€?s Law, we continuously work to advance the design and manufacturing of semiconductors to help address our customers?€? greatest challenges. By embedding intelligence in the cloud, network, edge and every kind of computing device, we unleash the potential of data to transform business and society for the better.
The InterGroup Corporation was organized to buy, develop, operate, rehabilitate and dispose of real property of various types and descriptions, and to engage in such other business and investment activities. The Company operates in three segments: the operation of the hotel (Hotel Operations), the operation of its multi-family residential properties (Real Estate Operations) and the investment of its cash in marketable securities and other investments (Investment Transactions). As of June 30, 2012, the Company owned approximately 79.9% of the common shares of Santa Fe Financial Corporation (Santa Fe). Santa Fe's revenue is generated through its 68.8% owned subsidiary, Portsmouth Square, Inc. (Portsmouth). The Company also directly owns approximately 12.5% of Portsmouth. Portsmouth's principal business is conducted through its general and limited partnership interest in the Justice Investors limited partnership (Justice).
inTEST Corporation is a global supplier of precision-engineered solutions for use in manufacturing and testing across a wide range of markets including automotive, defense/aerospace, energy, industrial, semiconductor and telecommunications. Backed by decades of engineering expertise and a culture of operational excellence, we solve difficult thermal, mechanical and electronic challenges for customers worldwide while generating strong cash flow and profits. Our strategy uses these strengths to grow and increase stockholder value by maximizing our businesses and by identifying, acquiring and optimizing complementary businesses.
Intuit?€?s mission is to power prosperity around the world. We are a mission-driven, global financial platform company with products including TurboTax, QuickBooks, Mint and Turbo, designed to empower consumers, self-employed and small businesses to improve their financial lives. Our platform and products help customers get more money with the least amount of work, while giving them complete confidence in their actions and decisions. Our innovative ecosystem of financial management solutions serves more than 50 million customers worldwide. Please visit us for the latest news and in-depth information about Intuit and its brands and find us on social. About Non-GAAP Financial Measures This press release and the accompanying tables include non-GAAP financial measures.
Intrusion Inc. is a global provider of entity identification, high speed data mining, cybercrime and advanced persistent threat detection products. Intrusion?€?s product families include TraceCop ??? for identity discovery and disclosure, and Savant ??? for network data mining and advanced persistent threat detection. Intrusion?€?s products help protect critical information assets by quickly detecting, protecting, analyzing and reporting attacks or misuse of classified, private and regulated information for government and enterprise networks.
Inuvo??, Inc. (NYSE American: INUV) is a market leader in artificial intelligence, aligning and delivering consumer-oriented product & brand messaging strategies online based on powerful, anonymous and proprietary consumer intent data for agencies, advertisers and partners.
Innoviva is focused on royalty management. Innoviva's portfolio is anchored by the respiratory assets partnered with Glaxo Group Limited (GSK), including RELVAR??/BREO?? ELLIPTA??, ANORO?? ELLIPTA?? and TRELEGY?? ELLIPTA??, which were jointly developed by Innoviva and GSK. Under the agreement with GSK, Innoviva is eligible to receive associated royalty revenues from RELVAR??/BREO?? ELLIPTA?? and ANORO?? ELLIPTA??.
Identiv, Inc. operates as a security technology company that provides solutions in the premises, information, and everyday items. It operates through four segments: Premises, Identity, Credentials, and All Other. The Premises segment offers modular uTrust MX controllers that allows customers to start with a small system and expand over time; uTrust Velocity software platform for centralized management of access and security operations across an organization; uTrust door readers that provide features to support various security environments and standards; and uTrust TS readers, which support legacy card credentials with next-generation platform. The Identity segment provides uTrust readers, a range of contact, contactless, portable, and mobile smart card readers, as well as tokens and terminals to enable logical access, and security and identification applications, such as national ID, payment, e-health, and e-government; and uTrust iAuthenticate mobile readers that allow users to authenticate using iOS or Android devices. The Credentials segment offers NFC and radio frequency identification products, including inlays and inlay-based cards ?? labels, tags, and stickers, as well as other radio frequency and IC components used in a range of identity-based applications comprising electronic entertainment, loyalty schemes, mobile payment, transit, and event ticketing; and various user credentials under the uTrust brand premises and information solutions access. The All Other segment provides Chipdrive products and media readers. Identiv, Inc. markets its products through OEMs, dealers, system integrators, value added resellers, resellers, and Internet, as well as directly to end users. The company was formerly known as Identive Group, Inc. and changed its name to Identiv, Inc. in May 2014. Identiv, Inc. was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Fremont, California.
Invitation Homes is the nation's premier single-family home leasing company, meeting changing lifestyle demands by providing access to high-quality, updated homes with valued features such as close proximity to jobs and access to good schools. The company's mission, "Together with you, we make a house a home," reflects its commitment to providing homes where individuals and families can thrive and high-touch service that continuously enhances residents' living experiences. About Rockpoint: Rockpoint Group, L.L.C. (?€?Rockpoint?€?) is a real estate private equity firm and Registered Investment Adviser with its headquarters in Boston and with additional primary offices in San Francisco and Dallas. Rockpoint employs a fundamental value approach to investing and targets select product types located primarily in major coastal markets in the United States. Rockpoint utilizes a consistent strategy across distinct return profiles through its opportunistic and growth and income investment programs. Rockpoint targets assets with intrinsic long-term value, at attractive prices relative to replacement cost and stabilized cash flows, and with particular emphasis on value creation opportunities and complex situations. Since 1994, Rockpoint?€?s co-founders with others have sponsored 15 commingled funds and related co-investment vehicles through Rockpoint and a predecessor firm. In total, they have raised approximately $25 billion in capital commitments and invested or committed to invest in 424 transactions with a total peak capitalization of approximately $62 billion (inclusive of fund equity, co-investor equity and debt).
Invo Bioscience Inc
Inozyme Pharma Inc Com
ION Geophysical Corporation (ION) is a technology-focused seismic solutions company, which provides acquisition equipment, software and planning and seismic processing services to the global energy industry. ION operates in four business segments: solutions, systems, software and INOVA Geophysical. The Company's products and services include seismic data processing and reservoir imaging services; seismic data libraries; planning services for survey design and optimization; marine seismic data acquisition equipment; navigation, command and control and data management software products, and Land seismic data acquisition equipment (principally through its 49% ownership in INOVA Geophysical). In December 2011, the Company acquired 235 square miles of three dimensional (3D) multi-client seismic data in the Marcellus shale play in central Pennsylvania, known as ClearfieldSCAN.
As the leader in RNA-targeted drug discovery and development, Ionis has created an efficient, broadly applicable, drug discovery platform called antisense technology that can treat diseases where no other therapeutic approaches have proven effective. Our drug discovery platform has served as a springboard for actionable promise and realized hope for patients with unmet needs. We created the first and only approved treatment for all patients, children and adults with spinal muscular atrophy, as well as the world's first RNA-targeted therapeutic approved for the treatment of polyneuropathy in adults with hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis. Our sights are set on all the patients we have yet to reach with a pipeline of more than 40 novel medicines designed to potentially treat a broad range of disease, including neurological, cardio-renal, metabolic, infectious, and pulmonary diseases.
"Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc., a Dallas-based real estate investment company, holds a portfolio of equity real estate in
Texas, including undeveloped land. The Company invests in real estate through direct equity ownership and partnerships. For more
information, visit the Company?€?s website at www.incomeopp-realty.com."
Innospec Inc. is an international specialty chemicals company with approximately 2000 employees in 24 countries. Innospec manufactures and supplies a wide range of specialty chemicals to markets in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia-Pacific. The Fuel Specialties business specializes in manufacturing and supplying fuel additives that improve fuel efficiency, boost engine performance and reduce harmful emissions. Oilfield Services provides specialty chemicals to all elements of the oil and gas exploration and production industry. The Performance Chemicals business creates innovative technology-based solutions for our customers in the Personal Care, Home Care, Agrochemical, Mining and Industrial markets. Octane Additives produces octane improvers to enhance gasoline.
Iovance Biotherapeutics aims to improve patient care by making T cell-based immunotherapies broadly accessible for the treatment of patients with solid tumors and blood cancers. Tumor infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) therapy uses a patient?€?s own immune cells to attack cancer. TIL cells are extracted from a patient?€?s own tumor tissue, expanded through a proprietary process, and infused back into the patient. Upon infusion, TIL reach tumor tissue, where they attack cancer cells. The company has completed dosing in the pivotal study in patients with metastatic melanoma and is currently conducting a pivotal study in patients with advanced cervical cancer. In addition, the company?€?s TIL therapy is being investigated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced, recurrent or metastatic cancers including head and neck and non-small cell lung cancer. A clinical study to investigate Iovance T cell therapy for blood cancers called peripheral blood lymphocyte (PBL) therapy is open to enrollment.
International Paper is a leading global producer of renewable fiber-based packaging, pulp and paper products with manufacturing operations in North America, Latin America, Europe, North Africa and Russia. We produce corrugated packaging products that protect and promote goods, and enable worldwide commerce; pulp for diapers, tissue and other personal hygiene products that promote health and wellness; and papers that facilitate education and communication. We are headquartered in Memphis, Tenn., employ more than 50,000 colleagues and serve more than 25,000 customers in 150 countries. Net sales for 2019 were $22 billion.
Founded in 1982, Inter Parfums, Inc. develops, manufactures and distributes prestige perfumes and cosmetics as the exclusive worldwide licensee for Abercrombie & Fitch, Anna Sui, Boucheron, Coach, Dunhill, Graff, GUESS, Hollister, Jimmy Choo, Karl Lagerfeld, Kate Spade New York, MCM, Moncler, Montblanc, Oscar de la Renta, Paul Smith, Repetto, S.T. Dupont and Van Cleef & Arpels. Inter Parfums is also the owner of Lanvin fragrances and the Rochas brand. Through its global distribution network, the Company?€?s products are sold in over 120 countries.
No Description Available
Professional Diversity Network, Inc. (PDN) is a global developer and operator of online and in-person networks that provides access to networking, training, educational and employment opportunities for diverse professionals. Through an online platform and our relationship recruitment affinity groups, we provide our employer clients a means to identify and acquire diverse talent and assist them with their efforts to recruit diverse employees. Our mission is to utilize the collective strength of our affiliate companies, members, partners and unique proprietary platform to be the standard in business diversity recruiting, networking and professional development for women, minorities, veterans, LGBT and disabled persons globally.
Interpublic is values-based, data-fueled, and creatively-driven. Major global brands include Acxiom, Craft, FCB (Foote, Cone & Belding), FutureBrand, Golin, Huge, Initiative, Jack Morton, Kinesso, MAGNA, McCann, Mediahub, Momentum, MRM, MullenLowe Group, Octagon, R/GA, UM and Weber Shandwick. Other leading brands include Avrett Free Ginsberg, Campbell Ewald, Carmichael Lynch, Deutsch, Hill Holliday, ID Media and The Martin Agency.
IPG Photonics Corporation is the leader in high-power fiber lasers and amplifiers used primarily in materials processing and other diverse applications. The Company?€?s mission is to make its fiber laser technology the tool of choice in mass production. IPG accomplishes this mission by delivering superior performance, reliability and usability at a lower total cost of ownership compared with other types of lasers and non-laser tools, allowing end users to increase productivity and decrease costs. A member of the S&P 500?? Index, IPG is headquartered in Oxford, Massachusetts and has more than 25 facilities worldwide.
Innate Pharma ADR
Inphi Corporation is a leader in high-speed data movement. We move big data -- fast, throughout the globe, between data centers, and inside data centers. Inphi's expertise in signal integrity results in reliable data delivery, at high speeds, over a variety of distances. As data volumes ramp exponentially due to video streaming, social media, cloud-based services, and wireless infrastructure, the need for speed has never been greater. That's where we come in. Customers rely on Inphi's solutions to develop and build out the Service Provider and Cloud infrastructures, and data centers of tomorrow.
Intrepid is a diversified mineral company that delivers potassium, magnesium, sulfur, salt, and water products essential for customer success in agriculture, animal feed, and the oil and gas industry. Intrepid is the only U.S. producer of muriate of potash, which is applied as an essential nutrient for healthy crop development, utilized in several industrial applications, and used as an ingredient in animal feed. In addition, Intrepid produces a specialty fertilizer, Trio ??, which delivers three key nutrients, potassium, magnesium, and sulfate, in a single particle. Intrepid also provides water, magnesium chloride, brine, and various oilfield products and services. Intrepid serves diverse customers in markets where a logistical advantage exists and is a leader in the use of solar evaporation for potash production, resulting in lower cost and more environmentally friendly production. Intrepid's mineral production comes from three solar solution potash facilities and one conventional underground Trio ?? mine.
Interstate Power and Light Company - 5.10% PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 - Ser D
DELISTED -
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp II Unit 1 Cl A & 14 Wt
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. II Redeemable Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50

Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp III Unit 1 Com & 14 Wt
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. III Redeemable Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp IV - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/4 War)
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp V - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/4 War)
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp VI - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/4 War)

InterPrivate Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Com & 12 Wt Exp 10292024
InterPrivate Acquisition Corp Warrants 29102024
Ideal Power Inc develops, markets and distributes electrical power conversion products using its proprietary technology called Power Packet Switching Architecture. The company sells its product primarily to systems integrators.
iQIYI, Inc. is an innovative market-leading online entertainment service in China. Its corporate DNA combines creative talent with technology, fostering an environment for continuous innovation and the production of blockbuster content. iQIYI's platform features highly popular original content, as well as a comprehensive library of other professionally-produced content, partner-generated content and user generated content. The Company distinguishes itself in the online entertainment industry by its leading technology platform powered by advanced AI, big data analytics and other core proprietary technologies. iQIYI attracts a massive user base with tremendous user engagement, and has developed a diversified monetization model including membership services, online advertising services, content distribution, live broadcasting, online games, IP licensing, online literature and e-commerce. SOURCE iQIYI, Inc.
IQVIA Holdings Inc
Ingersoll Rand Inc., driven by an entrepreneurial spirit and ownership mindset, is dedicated to helping make life better for our employees, customers and communities. Customers lean on us for our technology-driven excellence in mission-critical flow creation and industrial solutions across 40+ respected brands where our products and services excel in the most complex and harsh conditions. Our employees develop customers for life through their daily commitment to expertise, productivity and efficiency.
iRobot??, the leading global consumer robot company, designs and builds robots that empower people to do more both inside and outside of the home. iRobot created the home robot cleaning category with the introduction of its Roomba?? Robot Vacuum in 2002. Today, iRobot is a global enterprise that has sold more than 30 million robots worldwide. iRobot's product line, including the Roomba and the Braava?? family of mopping robots, feature proprietary technologies and advanced concepts in cleaning, mapping and navigation. iRobot engineers are building an ecosystem of robots and technologies to enable the smart home.
Alto Palermo S.A. engages in the ownership, acquisition, development, leasing, management, and operation of shopping centers, as well as residential and commercial complexes in Argentina. As of June 30, 2007, it owned and operated ten shopping centers covering a total of 264,995 square meters in Argentina, including six in the Buenos Aires metropolitan area and four in the provinces of Cordoba, Mendoza, Salta, and Santa Fe; and a condominium called Torres de Abasto located in front of the Abasto Shopping Center in Buenos Aires. The company offers leases to retail tenants in its ten shopping centers; administration and maintenance of common areas; administration of contributions made by tenants to finance promotional efforts for the shopping centers; and parking lot services for visitors. The company also offers credit card consumer finance service, through the issuance of its Tarjeta Shopping and Tarjeta Shopping Metroshop credit cards, for consumers at shopping centers, hypermarkets, and street stores. It also engages in the development and sale of residential properties, and acquisition and sale of undeveloped parcels of land for future development. In addition, it engages in the development of condominiums associated with its shopping centers. The company was founded in 1889 and is headquartered in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Iridium ?? is the only mobile voice and data satellite communications network that spans the entire globe. Iridium enables connections between people, organizations and assets to and from anywhere, in real time. Together with its ecosystem of partner companies, Iridium delivers an innovative and rich portfolio of reliable solutions for markets that require truly global communications. In 2019, the company completed a generational upgrade of its satellite network and launched its new specialty broadband service, Iridium Certus ??. Iridium Communications Inc. is headquartered in McLean, Va., U.S.A., and its common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol IRDM.
Historical stock prices for Investors Real Estate Trust (IRET). Investors Real Estate Trust (IRET) a self-advised equity real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is engaged in owning and operating income-producing real estate properties. IRET is structured as an Umbrella Partnership Real Estate Investment Trust (UPREIT) and it conducts business operations through its operating partnership, IRET Properties, a North Dakota Limited Partnership (IRET Properties). Its investments consist of multi-family residential properties and commercial office, commercial medical, commercial industrial and commercial retail properties. These properties are located primarily in the upper Midwest states of Minnesota and North Dakota. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2012 (fiscal 2011), its real estate investments in these two states accounted for 69% of its total gross revenue. It operates in five real estate segments: multi-family residential, commercial office, commercial medical (including senior housing), commercial industrial and commercial retail.
Investors Real Estate Trust 6.625% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares (Liquidation Preference $25.00 Per Share)
IRIDEX Corporation is a worldwide leader in developing, manufacturing, and marketing innovative and versatile laser-based medical systems, delivery devices and consumable instrumentation for the ophthalmology market. The Company?€?s proprietary MicroPulse?? technology delivers a differentiated treatment that provides safe, effective, and proven treatment for targeted sight-threatening eye conditions. IRIDEX?€?s current product line is used for the treatment of glaucoma and diabetic macular edema (DME) and other retinal diseases. IRIDEX products are sold in the United States through a direct sales force and internationally primarily through a network of independent distributors into more than 100 countries.
Iron Mountain Incorporated, founded in 1951, is the global leader for storage and information management services. Trusted by more than 225,000 organizations around the world, and with a real estate network of more than 90 million square feet across more than 1,480 facilities in approximately 50 countries, Iron Mountain stores and protects billions of valued assets, including critical business information, highly sensitive data, and cultural and historical artifacts. Providing solutions that include secure records storage, information management, digital transformation, secure destruction, as well as data centers, cloud services and art storage and logistics, Iron Mountain helps customers lower cost and risk, comply with regulations, recover from disaster, and enable a more digital way of working.
IRADIMED CORPORATION develops, manufactures, markets, and distributes magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) compatible products in the United States and internationally. It offers non-magnetic intravenous (IV) infusion pump systems, IV tubing sets, IV poles, wireless remote displays/controls under the mRidium name; side car pump modules; dose error reduction systems; Masimo SET SpO2 monitoring products; and MRI Pulse oximeters, and MRI oximeter remotes and displays under the iMagox name used during MRI procedures. The company sells its products primarily to hospitals, acute care facilities, and outpatient imaging centers. IRADIMED CORPORATION was incorporated in 1992 and is headquartered in Winter Springs, Florida.
IF Bancorp, Inc. (IF Bancorp) is a holding company of Iroquois Federal Savings and Loan Association (Iroquois Federal) and also owns 100% interest. Iroquois Federal is a federally chartered savings association. Iroquois Federal business consists primarily of taking deposits from the general public and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, in one- to four-family residential mortgage loans, multi-family mortgage loans, commercial real estate loans, home equity lines of credit, commercial business loans, consumer loans, and to a much lesser extent, construction loans and land loans. It also invests in securities, which has consisted of securities issued by the United States government, United States government agencies and United States government-sponsored enterprises, as well as mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by United States government-sponsored enterprises. It also invests in municipal obligations.
Irsa Inversiones y Representaciones (IRSA), is a real estate company. IRSA is engaged, directly and indirectly through subsidiaries and joint ventures, in a range of diversified real estate related activities in Argentina, including the acquisition, development and operation of shopping centers; the development and sale of residential properties; the acquisition and development of office and other non-shopping center properties primarily for rental purposes, and the acquisition and operation of luxury hotels. The Company operates in such segments as: Development and Sale of Properties, Office and Other Non-Shopping Center Rental Properties, Shopping Centers, Hotel Operations, Consumer Financing, International and Financial Operations and Others. Effective September 9, 2013, Inversiones y Representaciones SA, a unit of Cresud SA Comercial Inmobiliaria Financiera y Agropecuaria, acquired an undisclosed minority stake in Dolphin Fund Ltd.
Independence Realty Trust, Inc is an equity real estate investment trust launched by RAIT Financial Trust. It is managed by Independence Realty Advisors, LLC. The fund invests in the real estate markets of the United States. It makes investments in apartment properties to create its portfolio. Independence Realty Trust, Inc was formed on March 26, 2009 and is domiciled in the United States.
iRhythm is a leading digital health care company redefining the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed. The company combines wearable biosensor devices worn for up to 14 days and cloud-based data analytics with powerful proprietary algorithms that distill data from millions of heartbeats into clinically actionable information. The company believes improvements in arrhythmia detection and characterization have the potential to change the clinical management of patients.
Ironwood Pharmaceuticals is a GI-focused healthcare company dedicated to creating medicines that make a difference for patients living with GI diseases. We discovered, developed and are commercializing linaclotide, the U.S. branded prescription market leader for adults with irritable bowel syndrome with constipation (IBS-C) or chronic idiopathic constipation (CIC). Ironwood was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Boston, Mass.
Investors Bancorp, Inc. operates as the holding company for Investors Bank that provides various banking products and services for businesses and individuals in the United States. It offers deposit products, such as savings, checking, and money market accounts, as well as certificates of deposit. The company??s loan portfolio includes commercial real estate, construction, and commercial and industrial loans; consumer loans primarily comprising home equity loans and home equity lines of credit; multi-family loans; and mortgage loans secured by one-to four-family residential real estate. As of March 16, 2015, the company operated 131 offices located in New Jersey and New York. The company was founded in 1926 and is headquartered in Short Hills, New Jersey. Investors Bancorp, Inc. is a subsidiary of Investors Bancorp, MHC.
Issuer Direct Corporation provides disclosure management solutions, shareholder communications tools, and cloud based compliance technologies in North America and Europe. The company offers products and services that enable companies' to produce and distribute their financial and business communications online and in print. It provides disclosure management system, a cloud-based business process reporting and automation solution that enables users the ability to disclose, manage, and communicate their respective messages from its enterprise SaaS network. The company??s disclosure management solutions consist of traditional edgarization, document management, typesetting, and pre-press design services, as well as its XBRL tagging services. It also offers shareholder communications services, including press release distribution, investor relation systems, and market data cloud services together with the PrecisionIR comprising investor outreach, annual report services, investor hotline, and Webcasting, as well as proxy and printing services. In addition, the company provides cloud-based product suites that offer corporate issuer and market data distribution partners the ability to connect to its market data cloud to access virtually customizable data sets of public companies, as well as the compliance driven modules of whistleblower, investor hotline, social disclosure, and e-notify request system. Further, it is involved in licensing it technology platforms, as well as in the business corporate news and content distribution and dissemination business that distributes news content to desktops. The company serves brokerage firms, banks, mutual funds, corporate issuers, shareholders, and investor relations officers, as well as professional firms, such as accountants and the legal community. Issuer Direct Corporation was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Morrisville, North Carolina.
?€?Ophthotech is a biopharmaceutical company specializing in the development of transformative gene therapies and novel therapeutics to treat retinal diseases, with a focus on orphan and age related indications.
No Description Available
Insignia Systems, Inc. sells product solutions ranging from in-store to digital advertising. Consumer-packaged goods (CPG) manufacturers and retailers across the country rely on our deep expertise in the dynamic retail environment to provide a full suite of shopper engagement solutions.
Image Sensing Systems, Inc. is a global company dedicated to helping improve safety and efficiency for cities and highways by developing and delivering above-ground detection technology, applications and solutions. We give Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) professionals more precise and accurate information ?€? including real-time reaction capabilities and in-depth analytics ?€? to make more confident and proactive decisions. We are headquartered in St. Paul, Minnesota.
Interspeed Inc
Isoray, Inc., through its subsidiary, Isoray Medical, Inc., is the sole producer of Cesium Blu brachytherapy seeds, which are expanding brachytherapy treatment options throughout the body.
Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (Intuitive) designs, manufactures and markets da Vinci Surgical Systems and related instruments and accessories. A da Vinci Surgical System consists of a surgeon's console, a patient-side cart and a high performance vision system. The da Vinci Surgical System translates a surgeon's natural hand movements, which are performed on instrument controls at a console, into corresponding micro-movements of instruments positioned inside the patient through small incisions, or ports. The da Vinci Surgical System is designed to provide its operating surgeon with intuitive control, range of motion, fine tissue manipulation capability and three dimensional (3-D), high-definition (HD) vision while simultaneously allowing the surgeon to work through the small ports of MIS. On January 11, 2012, the Company acquired its Korean distributor.
Headquartered in Exton, Pa., Innovative Solutions & Support, Inc. ( www.innovative-ss.com ) is a systems integrator that designs and manufactures flight guidance and cockpit display systems for Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and retrofit applications. The company supplies integrated Flight Management Systems (FMS), AutoThrottle Systems and advanced GPS receivers for precision low carbon footprint navigation. This release may contain certain statements of a forward-looking nature relating to future events.
Investar Holding Corporation, headquartered in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, provides full banking services, excluding trust services, through its wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Investar Bank, National Association. The Bank currently operates 30 branch locations serving south Louisiana, southeast Texas, and southwest Alabama. At September??30, 2020, the Company had 318 full-time equivalent employees and total assets of $2.3 billion. Non-GAAP Financial Measures This press release contains financial information determined by methods other than in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or GAAP. These measures and ratios include ?€?tangible common equity,?€? ?€?tangible assets,?€? ?€?tangible equity to tangible assets,?€? ?€?tangible book value per common share,?€? ?€?core noninterest income,?€? ?€?core earnings before noninterest expense,?€? ?€?core noninterest expense,?€? ?€?core earnings before income tax expense,?€? ?€?core income tax expense,?€? ?€?core earnings,?€? ?€?core efficiency ratio,?€? ?€?core return on average assets,?€? ?€?core return on average equity,?€? ?€?core basic earnings per share,?€? and ?€?core diluted earnings per share.?€? Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide information useful to investors in understanding the Company?€?s financial results, and the Company believes that its presentation, together with the accompanying reconciliations, provide a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting the Company?€?s business and allow investors to view performance in a manner similar to management, the entire financial services sector, bank stock analysts and bank regulators. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for GAAP basis measures and results, and the Company strongly encourages investors to review its consolidated financial statements in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Because non-GAAP financial measures are not standardized, it may not be possible to compare these financial measures with other companies?€? non-GAAP financial measures having the same or similar names. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures disclosed in this press release to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included at the end of the financial statement tables.
Gartner IT Symposium/Xpo 2020 is the world's most important gathering for CIOs and other IT executives. IT executives rely on these conferences to gain insight into how their organizations can use IT to overcome business challenges and improve operational efficiency. Follow news, photos and video coming from Gartner IT Symposium/Xpo on Smarter With Gartner, on Twitter using #GartnerSYM, Instagram, Facebook and LinkedIn. Upcoming dates and locations for Gartner IT Symposium/Xpo include: October 27-29| APAC | Virtual November 9-12| EMEA | Virtual November 17-19| Japan | Virtual November 23-25| India | Virtual About Gartner Gartner, Inc. is the world?€?s leading research and advisory company and a member of the S&P 500. Gartner, Inc. is the world?€?s leading research and advisory company and a member of the S&P 500. We equip business leaders with indispensable insights, advice and tools to achieve their mission-critical priorities today and build the successful organizations of tomorrow. Our unmatched combination of expert-led, practitioner-sourced and data-driven research steers clients toward the right decisions on the issues that matter most. We are a trusted advisor and an objective resource for more than 14,000 enterprises in more than 100 countries ?€? across all major functions, in every industry and enterprise size.

Industrial Tech Acquisitions, Inc. is a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. The Company?€?s efforts to identify a target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although it intends to focus its search on target businesses in North America operating in the industrial focused technology areas including software, mobile and Internet of Things (?€?IoT?€?) applications, cloud communications and ultra-high bandwidth services, including LTE and 5G communications.
Industrial Tech Acquisitions Inc - Warrants (11/06/2027)
ITA?? CORPBANCA (NYSE: ITCB; SSE: ITAUCORP) is the entity resulting from the merger of Banco Ita?? Chile with and into Corpbanca on April 1, 2016. The current ownership structure is: 39.22% owned by Ita?? Unibanco, 27.49% owned by the Saieh Family and 33.29% owned by minority shareholders. Ita?? Unibanco is the sole controlling shareholder of the merged bank. Within this context and without limiting the above, Ita?? Unibanco and CorpGroup have signed a shareholders?€? agreement relating to corporate governance, dividend policy (based on performance and capital metrics), transfer of shares, liquidity and other matters. The bank is the fifth largest private bank in Chile and as per its mandate is the banking platform for future expansion in Latin America, specifically in Chile, Colombia and Peru. Ita?? Corpbanca is a commercial bank based in Chile with additional operations in Colombia and Panama. In addition, Ita?? Corpbanca has a branch in New York and a representative office in Lima. Focused on large and medium sized companies and individuals, Ita?? Corpbanca offers universal banking products. In 2012, the bank initiated a regionalization process and as of the date hereof has acquired two banks in Colombia ?€?Banco Corpbanca Colombia and Helm Bank?€? becoming the first Chilean bank with banking subsidiaries abroad. The merger with Banco Ita?? Chile and the business combination of our two banks in Colombia, represent the continued success of our regionalization process. As of September 30, 2020, according to the Chilean Financial Market Commission, Ita?? Corpbanca was the fifth largest private bank in Chile in terms of the overall size of its customer loan portfolio, equivalent to 10% market share. As of August 31, 2020, according to the Colombian Superintendency of Finance, Ita?? Corpbanca Colombia was the eighth largest bank in Colombia in terms of total loans and in terms of total deposits, as reported under local regulatory and accounting principles. As of the same date, its market share by loans reached 4.1%.
Intra-Cellular Therapies??is a biopharmaceutical company founded on??Nobel??prize-winning research that allows us to understand how therapies affect the inner-workings of cells in the body. The company leverages this intracellular approach to develop innovative treatments for people living with complex psychiatric and neurologic diseases.

Iteris is the global leader in smart mobility infrastructure management ?€? the foundation for a new era of mobility. We apply cloud computing, artificial intelligence, advanced sensors, advisory services and managed services to achieve safe, efficient and sustainable mobility. Our end-to-end solutions monitor, visualize and optimize mobility infrastructure around the world to help ensure that roads are safe, travel is efficient, and communities thrive.
Investors Title Company is a holding company that operates through its subsidiaries, which includes Investors Title Insurance Company (ITIC) and National Investors Title Insurance Company (NITIC). The Company's primary business activity, and its only reportable operating segment, is the issuance of residential and commercial title insurance through ITIC and NITIC. . Additionally the Company provides tax-deferred real property exchange services through its subsidiaries, Investors Title Exchange Corporation (ITEC); Investors Title Accommodation Corporation (ITAC); investment management and trust services to individuals, trusts and other entities through its subsidiaries Investors Trust Company (Investors Trust) and Investors Capital Management Company (ICMC); and management services to title insurance agencies through its subsidiary, Investors Title Management Services (ITMS).
Itamar Medical Ltd - ADR
iTeos Therapeutics Inc Com
IT Tech Packaging Inc

Itron enables utilities and cities to safely, securely and reliably deliver critical infrastructure solutions to communities in more than 100 countries. Our portfolio of smart networks, software, services, meters and sensors helps our customers better manage electricity, gas and water resources for the people they serve. By working with our customers to ensure their success, we help improve the quality of life, ensure the safety and promote the well-being of millions of people around the globe. Itron is dedicated to creating a more resourceful world. Join us: www.itron.com. Itron ?? is a registered trademark of Itron, Inc. All third-party trademarks are property of their respective owners and any usage herein does not suggest or imply any relationship between Itron and the third party unless expressly stated.
Iterum Therapeutics plc is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company dedicated to developing differentiated anti-infectives aimed at combatting the global crisis of multi-drug resistant pathogens to significantly improve the lives of people affected by serious and life-threatening diseases around the world. Iterum Therapeutics is advancing its first compound, sulopenem, a novel penem anti-infective compound, in Phase 3 clinical development with an oral formulation and IV formulation. Sulopenem has demonstrated potent in vitro activity against a wide variety of gram-negative, gram-positive and anaerobic bacteria resistant to other antibiotics. Iterum Therapeutics has received Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP) and Fast Track designations for its oral and IV formulations of sulopenem in seven indications.
Ituran Location and Control Ltd. (Ituran), incorporated in February 1994, is engaged in the provision of location-based services and machine-to-machine wireless communications products for use in stolen vehicle recovery, fleet management and other applications. The Company operates in two segments: location-based services and wireless communication products. During the year ended December 31, 2012, 76.2% of its revenues were attributable to its location-based services. As of December 31, 2012, Ituran provided its services in Israel, Brazil, Argentina and the United States to approximately 276,000, 238,000, 131,000 and 22,000 subscribers, respectively. In 2012, 23.8% of its revenues were attributable to the sale of its wireless communications products. As of December 31, 2012, the Company provided its services to approximately 81,000 end-users through 21,000 corporate customers in Israel, Brazil, Argentina and the United States.
ITT Corporation manufactures and sells engineered critical components and customized technology solutions for the energy, transportation, and industrial markets worldwide. The company operates in four segments: Industrial Process, Motion Technologies, Interconnect Solutions, and Control Technologies. The Industrial Process segment manufactures industrial pumps, valves, and related equipment comprising centrifugal, chemical, slurry and process, and paper stock pumps, as well as vertical, axial flow, multi-stage, and other pumps; twin screw, multiphase boosting system, and progressive cavity pumps; and industrial knife-gate and sanitary diaphragm valves. This segment also offers aftermarket solutions, such as parts supply, inventory optimization, field service, energy and reliability assessment, repair, upgrade, and overall equipment maintenance services; and water treatment systems. The Motion Technologies segment manufactures engineered and durable components comprising brake pads, shock absorbers, and damping technologies for passenger cars, light and heavy-duty commercial and military vehicles, buses, and rail transportation markets. The Interconnect Solutions segment designs and manufactures engineered connectors and cable assemblies, including electrical connectors of various types, such as circular, rectangular, radio frequency, fiber optic, D-sub miniature, micro-miniature, and cable assemblies. The Control Technologies segment provides flow control and actuation components, as well as motion control, energy absorption, and vibration isolation products for commercial aerospace, military, and other markets; and energy absorption, precision motion control, and natural gas regulators primarily for the automation, heavy industry, infrastructure, and oil and gas markets. The company was formerly known as ITT Industries, Inc. and changed its name to ITT Corporation in July 2006. ITT Corporation was founded in 1920 and is headquartered in White Plains, New York.
Ita?? Unibanco Holding S.A. provides various financial products and services to individuals and corporate clients in Brazil and internationally. The company operates through Commercial Bank ?? Retail, Consumer Credit ?? Retail, and Wholesale Bank segments. The company accepts demand deposits, savings deposits, and time deposits; and offers credit cards, personal loans, payroll loans, vehicle loans, and residential mortgage loans. It also provides asset management, custody and bookkeeping, consortium, investment banking, and electronic payment means services. In addition, the company offers insurance products, such as property, casualty, and life insurance; and pension plans, as well as capitalization and leasing services. As of December 31, 2014, it had a network of 5,070 branches and client service branches; and 27,916 ATMs. The company was formerly known as Ita?? Unibanco Banco M??ltiplo S.A. and changed its name to Ita?? Unibanco Holding S.A. in April 2009. The company was founded in 1944 and is headquartered in S??o Paulo, Brazil. Ita?? Unibanco Holding S.A. is a subsidiary of Ita?? Unibanco Participa????es S.A.
ITW is a Fortune 200 global multi-industrial manufacturing leader with revenues totaling $14.1 billion in 2019. The company?€?s seven industry-leading segments leverage the unique ITW Business Model to drive solid growth with best-in-class margins and returns in markets where highly innovative, customer-focused solutions are required. ITW?€?s approximately 45,000 dedicated colleagues around the world thrive in the company?€?s decentralized and entrepreneurial culture. www.itw.com
Inventiva SA ADR
Intevac was founded in 1991 and has two businesses: Thin-film Equipment and Photonics. In our Thin-film Equipment business, we are a leader in the design and development of high-productivity, thin-film processing systems. Our production-proven platforms are designed for high-volume manufacturing of substrates with precise thin film properties, such as the hard drive media, display cover panel, and solar photovoltaic markets we serve currently. In our Photonics business, we are a recognized leading developer of advanced high-sensitivity digital sensors, cameras and systems that primarily serve the defense industry. We are the provider of integrated digital imaging systems for most U.S. military night vision programs.
Invacare Corporation is a leading manufacturer and distributor in its markets for medical equipment used in non-acute care settings. At its core, the company designs, manufactures and distributes medical devices that help people to move, breathe, rest and perform essential hygiene. The company provides clinically complex medical device solutions for congenital (e.g., cerebral palsy, muscular dystrophy, spina bifida), acquired (e.g., stroke, spinal cord injury, traumatic brain injury, post-acute recovery, pressure ulcers) and degenerative (e.g., ALS, multiple sclerosis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), elderly, bariatric) ailments. The company's products are important parts of care for people with a wide range of challenges, from those who are active and involved in work or school each day and may need additional mobility or respiratory support, to those who are cared for in residential care settings, at home and in rehabilitation centers. The company sells its products principally to home medical equipment providers with retail and e-commerce channels, residential care operators, distributors and government health services in North America, Europe and Asia/Pacific.
Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc. is a real estate investment trust that primarily focuses on investing in, financing and managing residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities and mortgage loans. Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc. is externally managed and advised by Invesco Advisers, Inc., a registered investment adviser and an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Invesco Ltd., a leading independent global investment management firm. Earnings Call Members of the investment community and the general public are invited to listen to the Company's earnings conference call on Tuesday, November 10, 2020, at 9:00 a.m. ET, by calling one of the following numbers: North America Toll Free: 800-857-7465 International: 1-312-470-0052 Passcode: Invesco An audio replay will be available until 5:00 pm ET on November 24, 2020 by calling: 866-463-2193 ( North America ) or 1-203-369-1378 (International). The presentation slides that will be reviewed during the call will be available on the Company's website at www.invescomortgagecapital.com.
Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc. Pfd Ser A
Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc. Preferred Series B Cum Fxd to Fltg
INVESCO MORTGAGE CAPITAL INC 7.5% Fixed-to-Floating Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Liquation Preference $25.00 per Share
Invesco is a global independent investment management firm dedicated to delivering an investment experience that helps people get more out of life. With offices in 25 countries, our distinctive investment??teams deliver a comprehensive range of active, passive and alternative investment capabilities.
ORIX Corporation provides financial solutions in Japan, the United States, and internationally. It operates through six segments: Corporate Financial Services, Maintenance Leasing, Real Estate, Investment and Operation, Retail, and Overseas Business. The Corporate Financial Services segment is involved in the lending, leasing, and fee businesses. The Maintenance Leasing segment is engaged in automobile leasing, rental, and car sharing activities; lease and rental of precision measuring and information technology related equipment; and technical support, sale of software packages, equipment calibration, and asset management activities. The Real Estate segment develops and leases office buildings, commercial properties, logistics centers, and residential condominiums; and develops and operates hotels, Japanese inns, aquariums, golf courses, training and nursing care facilities, baseball stadiums, and theaters, as well as provides asset management and real estate finance, REIT asset management, and real estate investment advisory services. The Investment and Operation segment collects and disposes waste from end-of-lease assets; operates renewable energy source, such as solar projects and roof top power generation; invests in private equity; and invests in non-performing loans, as well as collects and manages commercial mortgage-backed securities. The Retail segment is involved in life insurance, banking, and card loan businesses. The Overseas Business segment is engaged in leasing, lending, investment in bonds, investment banking, asset management, and ship-and aircraft-related operations in the United States, Asia, Australasia, and Europe. The company was formerly known as Orient Leasing Co., Ltd. and changed its name to ORIX Corporation in 1989 to reflect its diversification into financial services other than leasing. ORIX Corporation was founded in 1964 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
The Fund employs a ?€?passive management?€? ?€? or indexing ?€? investment approach designed to track the performance of the Index. The Fund generally uses a representative sampling strategy to achieve its investment objective, meaning it generally will invest in a sample of the securities in the Index whose risk, return and other characteristics resemble the risk, return and other characteristics of the Index as a whole. Under normal circumstances, at least 80% of the Fund?€?s total assets (exclusive of collateral held from securities lending) will be invested in component securities of the Index and investments that have economic characteristics that are substantially identical to the economic characteristics of such component securities.  The Index is a modified float-adjusted market cap weighted index that consists of companies incorporated and traded in India, an emerging market country, excluding common stocks of ?€?state-owned enterprises.?€? WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (?€?WisdomTree Investments?€?), as index provider, defines state-owned enterprises as companies with over 20% government ownership. To be eligible for inclusion in the Index, a company must meet the following criteria: (i) incorporated or domiciled in India; (ii) listing on an Indian stock exchange; (iii) have a float-adjusted market capitalization of at least $1 billion as of the Index screening date (?€?float-adjusted?€? means that the share amounts reflect only shares available to investors); (iv) have an average daily dollar trading volume of at least $100,000 for the three months preceding the annual Index screening date; (v) trade at least 250,000 shares per month or $25 million notional for each of the six months preceding the annual Index screening date; and (vi) are  not state-owned enterprises as of the annual Index screening date. The Index is reconstituted and rebalanced once each year on the annual Index reconstitution date.  Securities are weighted in the Index based on float-adjusted market capitalization, as modified pursuant to certain limitations set forth below. At the time of the Index?€?s annual screening date, the maximum weight of any security in the Index is capped at 10% and the maximum weight of any one sector in the Index is capped at 30%, subject to the following volume factor adjustments. Security and/or sector weights may fluctuate above the specified cap in response to market conditions and/or the application of volume factor adjustments. The Index methodology applies a volume factor adjustment such that the weight of component securities within the Index with a lower trading volume are reduced, and the reduction in weight is reallocated pro rata among the other securities as of the annual Index screening date.  WisdomTree Investments, as Index provider, currently uses Standard & Poor?€?s Global Industry Classification Standards (?€?S&P GICS?€?) to define companies within a sector. The following sectors are included in the Index: consumer discretionary, consumer staples, energy, health care, industrials, information technology, materials, financials and real estate, communication services, and utilities. A sector is comprised of multiple industries. For example, the energy sector is comprised of companies in, among others, the natural gas, oil and petroleum industries. As of June 30, 2020, a significant portion of the Index is comprised of companies in the financial and information technology sectors.  To the extent the Index concentrates (i.e., holds 25% or more of its total assets) in the securities of a particular industry or group of industries, the Fund will concentrate its investments to approximately the same extent as the Index.
IZEA Worldwide, Inc. (?€?IZEA?€?) is a marketing technology company providing software and professional services that enable brands to collaborate and transact with the full spectrum of today?€?s top social influencers and content creators. The company serves as a champion for the growing Creator Economy, enabling individuals to monetize their content, creativity, and influence. IZEA launched the industry?€?s first-ever influencer marketing platform in 2006 and has since facilitated nearly 4 million transactions between online buyers and sellers. Leading brands and agencies partner with IZEA to increase digital engagement, diversify brand voice, scale content production, and drive measurable return on investment.
At Jacobs, we're challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world's most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of approximately 52,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector. Visit jacobs.com and connect with Jacobs on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. About Professor Brian Cox OBE Professor Brian Cox OBE is an English physicist, and Professor of particle physics at the University of Manchester. A Fellow at the Royal Society and popular television, radio presenter & author, he has received awards for his work in publicising science. Professor Cox continues to inspire audiences in the UK and around the globe.
Jack in the Box Inc., based in San Diego, is a restaurant company that operates and franchises Jack in the Box ?? restaurants, one of the nation?€?s largest hamburger chains, with more than 2,200 restaurants in 21 states and Guam.
Jaguar Animal Health, Inc., a development-stage animal health company, focuses on developing and commercializing gastrointestinal products for companion and production animals. The company??s lead prescription drug product candidate includes Canalevia, a canine-specific formulation of Crofelemer for the treatment of CID and general acute watery diarrhea in dogs. It is also developing Crofelemer to treat acute colitis in horses and general acute watery diarrhea in cats; Neonorm, an enteric-coated tablet for scours in preweaned dairy calves, as well as other animal species, such as horses, goats, and sheep; and other product candidates, including Virend and NP-500. The company was founded in 2013 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California. Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. is a subsidiary of Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
JAKKS Pacific, Inc. is a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of toys and consumer products sold throughout the world, with its headquarters in Santa Monica, California. JAKKS Pacific?€?s popular proprietary brands include; Fly Wheels???, Kitten Catfe???, Perfectly Cute???, Real Workin?€? Buddies???, Squish-Dee-Lish???, XPV??, Disguise??, Moose Mountain??, Maui??, Kids Only!??; a wide range of entertainment-inspired products featuring premier licensed properties; and C?€?est Moi???, a new generation of clean beauty. Through JAKKS Cares, the company?€?s commitment to philanthropy, JAKKS is helping to make a positive impact on the lives of children.
Jamf Holding Corp Com
Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc. provides proper appliance disposal services. The Company has developed equipment, processes and systems to lessen the negative impact of appliance disposal on the environment. ARCA provides turnkey appliance recycling services to sponsors of energy efficiency programs across the U.S. and Canada. The types of appliance management programs offered by ARCA include: Appliance Recycling Programs, Appliance Retailer Programs, and Change-Out Programs.
J. Alexander's Corporation (J. Alexander's) operates 33 J. Alexander's full-service, casual dining restaurants located in Alabama, Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, Ohio, Tennessee and Texas. J. Alexander's is a traditional restaurant with an American menu featuring prime rib of beef; hardwood-grilled steaks, seafood and chicken; pasta; salads and soups; assorted sandwiches, appetizers and desserts, and a full-service bar. J. Alexander's is a casual dining restaurant with a contemporary American menu. In October 2012, Fidelity National Financial Inc's indirect wholly owned subsidiary New Athena Merger Sub Inc merged with the Company. In October 2012, Fidelity National Financial Inc's indirect wholly owned subsidiary New Athena Merger Sub Inc merged with the Company.
plc Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc?? is??a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to developing and commercializing life-changing medicines that transform the lives of patients with serious diseases ?€? often??with limited or no options. We have a diverse portfolio of marketed medicines??and novel product candidates, from early- to late-stage development, in key therapeutic areas. Our focus is in neuroscience, including sleep and movement disorders,??and in oncology, including hematologic malignancies??and solid tumors. We actively explore new options for patients including novel compounds, small molecule advancements, biologics and innovative delivery technologies. Jazz is headquartered in??Dublin, Ireland??and has employees around??the globe, serving patients in more than 90 countries.

J B Hunt Transport Services Inc.(JBHT) is a holding company. The Company together with its wholly owned subsidiaries, operates as a surface transportation and delivery services to a diverse group of customers and consumers throughout the continental United States, Canada and Mexico. The Company operates in four segments: Intermodal (JBI), Dedicated Contract Services (DCS), Integrated Capacity Solutions (ICS), and full-load dry-van (JBT).The Company's service offerings include transportation of full-truckload containerized freight, which the Company directly transports utilizing its company-controlled revenue equipment and company drivers or independent contractors. The Company also provides customized freight movement, revenue equipment, labor, systems and delivery services that are tailored to meet individual customers' requirements and typically involve long-term contracts.
No Description Available
Jabil Circuit, Inc. (Jabil), is a providers of worldwide electronic manufacturing services and solutions. Jabil provides electronics design, production and product management services to companies in the aerospace, automotive, computing, consumer, defense, industrial, instrumentation, medical, networking, peripherals, solar, storage and telecommunications industries. The Company operates in three segments: Diversified Manufacturing Services (DMS), Enterprise & Infrastructure (E&I) and High Velocity Systems (HVS). The Company's services include integrated design and engineering; component selection, sourcing and procurement; design and implementation of product testing; systems assembly, direct order fulfillment and configure to order, and injection molding, metal, plastics, precision machining and automation. In July 2013, Jabil Circuit Inc completed its acquisition of Nypro Inc.
JetBlue is New York's Hometown Airline??, and a leading carrier in Boston, Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood, Los Angeles, Orlando, and San Juan. JetBlue carries customers across the U.S., Caribbean, and Latin America.
John B. Sanfilippo & Son, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, processes and distributes peanuts and tree nuts in the United States. The company offers raw and processed nuts, including almonds, pecans, peanuts, black walnuts, English walnuts, cashews, macadamia nuts, pistachios, pine nuts, Brazil nuts, and filberts. It provides nut products in various styles and seasonings comprising non-blanched, blanched, oil roasted, dry roasted, salted, unsalted, honey roasted, flavored, spicy, chocolate and yogurt coated, butter toffee, praline, and cinnamon toasted. The company also offers peanut butter in various sizes and varieties; food and snack products, such as snack mixes, salad toppings, snacks, nut clusters, trail mixes, dried fruit, and chocolate and yogurt coated products; baking ingredients; bulk food products; sunflower kernels, almond butter, candy and confections, dried fruit, corn snacks, sesame sticks, and other sesame snack products; and various toppings for ice cream and yogurt. In addition, it operates a retail store. The company provides its products under various private brands; and under the Fisher, Orchard Valley Harvest, Fisher Nut Exactly, and Sunshine Country brand names. It serves retailers and wholesalers, and commercial ingredient and contract packaging customers, as well as international customers in the retail and commercial ingredient markets through a network of independent brokers, distributors, and suppliers; and through consumer, commercial ingredient, contract packaging, and export distribution channels, as well as through its own sales department. The company was founded in 1959 and is headquartered in Elgin, Illinois.
John Bean Technologies Corporation is a global technology solutions provider for the food processing and air transportation industries. The Company operates in two segments: JBT FoodTech and JBT AeroTech. Its JBT FoodTech markets its solutions and services to multi-national and regional industrial food processing companies. The product offerings of its JBT FoodTech businesses include freezer solutions for the freezing and chilling of meat, seafood, poultry, ready-to-eat meals, fruits, vegetables, dairy and bakery products, and protein processing solutions that portion, coat and cook poultry, meat, seafood, vegetable and bakery products. JBT AeroTech markets its solutions and services to domestic and international airport authorities, passenger airlines, airfreight and ground handling companies, military forces and other industries. In May 2012, the Company's JBT FoodTech business purchased the rotary sterilization technology from H.G. Molenaar & Co (Pty) Ltd.
At Johnson Controls, we transform the environments where people live, work, learn and play. From optimizing building performance to improving safety and enhancing comfort, we drive the outcomes that matter most. We deliver our promise in industries such as healthcare, education, data centers and manufacturing. With a global team of 100,000 experts in more than 150 countries and over 130 years of innovation, we are the power behind our customers' mission. Our leading portfolio of building technology and solutions includes some of the most trusted names in the industry, such as Tyco ??, York ??, Metasys ??, Ruskin ??, Titus ??, Frick ??, Penn ??, Sabroe ??, Simplex ??, Ansul ?? and Grinnell ??.
JETS Contrarian Opportunities Index Fund (the Fund) is an exchange-traded fund. The Fund seeks performance results that correspond generally to the performance of a benchmark index that measures the investment return of securities. The Fund employs an investment approach designed to track the performance of the Dow Jones U.S. Contrarian Opportunities Index (the Target Index). The Fund may invest a portion of its assets in securities not included in its Target Index. The Dow Jones U.S. Contrarian Opportunities Index is an index maintained by Dow Jones Indexes. The Target Index is a equal-weighted index consisting of 125 securities, each of which is a domestic security. Javelin Investment Management, LLC acts as the Fund's investment advisor. Esposito Partners, LLC is the Fund's sub-advisor.
j2 Global, Inc. is a provider of services delivered through the Internet. The Company provides cloud services to businesses of all sizes, from individuals to enterprises. The Company operates in two segments: Business Cloud Services and Digital Media. The Company's Digital Media business segment consists of the Web properties and business operations of Ziff Davis, Inc. (Ziff Davis). The Company's cloud services and solutions include fax, voice and unified communications, email and customer relationship management, online backup, global network and operations, and customer support services. In February 2013, it acquired IGN Entertainment, Inc. On November 9, 2012, the Company acquired Ziff Davis. Effective March 18, 2013, it acquired MetroFax Inc. In April 2013, the Company acquired Backup Connect BV. In October 2013, the Company announced that it has acquired EPA Cloud, a United Kingdom-based Email Security and Management company.
Communications Systems, Inc., an IoT intelligent edge products and services company, provides connectivity infrastructure and services for global deployments of broadband networks. Focusing on innovative, cost-effective solutions, CSI provides customers the ability to deliver, manage, and optimize their broadband network services and architecture. From the integration of fiber optics in any application and environment to efficient home voice and data deployments to optimization of data and application access, CSI provides tools for maximum utilization of the network from the edge to the user. With partners and customers in over 50 countries, CSI has built a reputation as a reliable global innovator focusing on quality and customer service. CSI operates two business units: Electronics & Software (primarily Transition Networks and Net2Edge as reported in prior releases) and Services & Support (primarily JDL Technologies and Ecessa Corporation).
Jewett-Cameron Trading Company is a holding company that, through its subsidiaries, operates out of facilities located in North Plains, Oregon. Jewett-Cameron Company's business consists of the manufacturing and distribution of patented and patent pending specialty metal products, wholesale distribution of wood products, and seed processing and sales. The Company's brands include Lucky Dog, Animal House and AKC licensed products in the expanding pet market; fencing products under the Adjust-A-Gates, Fit-Right, Perimeter Patrol, and INFINITY Euro fence systems brands; Early Start, Spring Gardner, and Weatherguard for greenhouses; and TrueShade for patio umbrellas, furniture covers and canopies.
. JD.com is a leading technology driven e-commerce company transforming to become the leading supply chain-based technology and service provider. The company?€?s cutting-edge retail infrastructure seeks to enable consumers to buy whatever they want, whenever and wherever they want it. The company has opened its technology and infrastructure to partners, brands and other sectors, as part of its Retail as a Service offering to help drive productivity and innovation across a range of industries. JD.com is the largest retailer in China, a member of the NASDAQ100 and a Fortune Global 500 company. Non-GAAP Measures In evaluating the business, the company considers and uses non-GAAP measures, such as non-GAAP income/(loss) from operations, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net income/(loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders, non-GAAP net margin, free cash flow, non-GAAP EBITDA, non-GAAP EBITDA margin, non-GAAP net income/(loss) per share and non-GAAP net income/(loss) per ADS, as supplemental measures to review and assess operating performance. The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (?€?U.S. GAAP?€?). The company defines non-GAAP income/(loss) from operations as income/(loss) from operations excluding share-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets resulting from assets and business acquisitions, effects of business cooperation arrangements, gain on sale of development properties and impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. The company defines non-GAAP net income/(loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders as net income/(loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders excluding share-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets resulting from assets and business acquisitions, effects of business cooperation arrangements and non-compete agreements, gain/(loss) on disposals/deemed disposals of investments, reconciling items on the share of equity method investments, loss/(gain) from fair value change of long-term investments, impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and investments, gain and foreign exchange impact in relation to sale of development properties and tax effects on non-GAAP adjustments. The company defines free cash flow as operating cash flow adjusting the impact from JD Baitiao receivables included in the operating cash flow and capital expenditures, net of the proceeds from sale of development properties. Capital expenditures include purchase of property, equipment and software, cash paid for construction in progress, purchase of intangible assets and land use rights. The company defines non-GAAP EBITDA as non-GAAP income/(loss) from operations plus depreciation and amortization excluding amortization of intangible assets resulting from assets and business acquisitions. Non-GAAP basic net income/(loss) per share is calculated by dividing non-GAAP net income/(loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the periods. Non-GAAP diluted net income/(loss) per share is calculated by dividing non-GAAP net income/(loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares and dilutive potential ordinary shares outstanding during the periods, including the dilutive effect of share-based awards as determined under the treasury stock method. Non-GAAP net income/(loss) per ADS is equal to non-GAAP net income/(loss) per share multiplied by two. The company presents these non-GAAP financial measures because they are used by management to evaluate operating performance and formulate business plans. Non-GAAP income/(loss) from operations, non-GAAP net income/(loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders and non-GAAP EBITDA reflect the company?€?s ongoing business operations in a manner that allows more meaningful period-to-period comparisons. Free cash flow enables management to assess liquidity and cash flow while taking into account the impact from JD Baitiao receivables included in the operating cash flow and the demands that the expansion of fulfillment infrastructure and technology platform has placed on financial resources. The company believes that the use of the non-GAAP financial measures facilitates investors to understand and evaluate the company?€?s current operating performance and future prospects in the same manner as management does, if they so choose. The company also believes that the non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain expenses, gain/loss and other items that are not expected to result in future cash payments or that are non-recurring in nature or may not be indicative of the company?€?s core operating results and business outlook. The non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools. The company?€?s non-GAAP financial measures do not reflect all items of income and expense that affect the company?€?s operations or not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. Further, these non-GAAP measures may differ from the non-GAAP information used by other companies, including peer companies, and therefore their comparability may be limited. The company compensates for these limitations by reconciling the non-GAAP financial measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP performance measure, all of which should be considered when evaluating performance. The company encourages you to review the company?€?s financial information in its entirety and not rely on a single financial measure.
Just Energy??is a consumer company focused on essential needs, including electricity and natural gas commodities; health and well-being, such as water quality and filtration devices; and utility conservation, bringing energy efficient solutions and renewable energy options to consumers. Currently operating in??the United States??and??Canada,??Just Energy??serves residential and commercial customers. Just Energy??is the parent company of Amigo Energy,??EdgePower Inc.,??Filter Group Inc., Hudson Energy,??Interactive Energy Group, Tara Energy, and TerraPass.
Jefferies Financial Group Inc. is a diversified financial services company engaged in investment banking and capital markets, asset management and direct investing. Jefferies Group LLC, our largest subsidiary, is the largest independent, global, full-service investment banking firm headquartered in the U.S. About Jefferies Group LLC Jefferies Group LLC is the largest independent, global, full-service investment banking firm headquartered in the U.S. Jefferies Group LLC is the largest independent, global, full-service investment banking firm headquartered in the U.S. Focused on serving clients for nearly 60 years, Jefferies is a leader in providing insight, expertise and execution to investors, companies and governments. Our firm provides a full range of investment banking, advisory, sales and trading, research and wealth management services across all products in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Jefferies Group LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jefferies Financial Group Inc., a diversified financial services company.
JELD-WEN, founded in 1960, is one of the world?€?s largest door and window manufacturers, operating manufacturing facilities in 20 countries located primarily in North America, Europe and Australia. Headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., JELD-WEN designs, produces and distributes an extensive range of interior and exterior doors, wood, vinyl and aluminum windows and related products for use in the new construction and repair and remodeling of residential homes and non-residential buildings. JELD-WEN is a recognized leader in manufacturing energy-efficient products and has been an ENERGY STAR ?? Partner since 1998. Our products are marketed globally under the JELD-WEN ?? brand, along with several market-leading regional brands such as Swedoor ?? and DANA ?? in Europe and Corinthian ??, Stegbar ??, and Trend ?? in Australia.
The investment objective of the Fund is to seek current income while maintaining prospects for capital appreciation. The Fund seeks to provide the majority of the returns associated with the Fund?€?s primary benchmark, the Standard??& Poor?€?s 500 Total Return Index (S&P 500 Index), while exposing investors to less risk through lower volatility and still offering incremental income. The Fund does this by creating a portfolio of equity securities with a lower volatility level than the S&P 500 Index and also investing in equity-linked notes (ELNs). The Fund is managed in a way that seeks, under normal circumstances, to provide monthly distributions at a relatively stable level. Under normal circumstances, the Fund invests at least 80% of its Assets in equity securities (80% Policy). ?€?Assets?€? means net assets plus the amount of borrowings for investment purposes. In calculating the 80% Policy, the Fund?€?s equity investments will include common stocks and ELNs, as well as other equity securities.  In implementing the Fund?€?s strategy, the Fund invests significantly in the equity securities of companies included in the S&P 500 Index (which includes both large cap and mid cap companies). The Fund may also invest in other equity securities not included in the S&P 500 Index. The Fund seeks to create a portfolio with a lower volatility level than the S&P 500 Index. Volatility is one way to measure risk and refers to the variability of the Fund?€?s or the market?€?s returns. If the Fund is successful in providing lower volatility, then the value of the Fund?€?s portfolio will fluctuate less than the S&P 500 Index over a full market cycle (typically, a 3-5 year time horizon). The Fund may receive income to the extent it invests in equity securities of companies that pay dividends; however, securities are not selected based on anticipated dividend payments.  In order to generate income, the Fund may invest up to 20% of its net assets in ELNs. ELNs are structured as notes that are issued by counterparties, including banks, broker-dealers or their affiliates, and that are designed to offer a return linked to the underlying instruments within the ELN. ELNs in which the Fund invests are derivative instruments that are specially designed to combine the economic characteristics of the S&P 500 Index and written call options in a single note form. The ELNs provide recurring cash flow to the Fund based on the premiums from the call options the ELNs write and are an important source of the Fund?€?s return. The ELNs will be included as equity securities for purpose of calculating the 80% Policy. Investing in ELNs may reduce the Fund?€?s volatility because the income from the ELNs would reduce potential losses incurred by the Fund?€?s equity portfolio. However, because of the call options written within an ELN, the investment would also reduce the Fund?€?s ability to fully profit from potential increases in the value of its equity portfolio.  Investment Process: In managing the equity portion of the Fund?€?s portfolio the adviser employs a three-step process that combines research, valuation and stock selection. The research findings allow the adviser to rank companies according to what it believes to be their relative value. The greater a company?€?s estimated worth compared to the current market price of its stock, the more undervalued the company. The adviser?€?s valuation rankings are produced with the help of a variety of models that quantify the research team?€?s findings. After company securities are ranked, the adviser seeks to create a portfolio with a lower volatility level than the S&P 500 Index. As a part of the research step of its investment process, the adviser seeks to assess the impact of environmental, social and governance factors (including accounting and tax policies, disclosure and investor communication, shareholder rights and remuneration policies) on the cash flows of many companies in which it may invest to identify issuers that the adviser believes will be negatively impacted by such factors relative to other issuers. These determinations may not be conclusive and securities of such issuers may be purchased and retained by the Fund.  The Fund buys and sells securities (stock selection) in accordance with its investment policies, using the research and valuation rankings as a basis. In general, the adviser selects securities that are identified as attractive and considers selling them when they appear less attractive. Along with attractive valuation, the adviser often considers a number of other criteria including:catalysts, such as improving company fundamentals, that could trigger a rise in a stock?€?s price impact on the overall risk of the portfolio high perceived potential reward compared to perceived potential riskpossible temporary mispricings caused by market overreactions
Jiayin Group Inc. is a leading fintech platform in China committed to facilitating effective, transparent, secure and fast connections between investors and borrowers, whose needs are underserved by traditional financial institutions. The origin of the business of the Company can be traced back to 2011. The Company operates a highly secure and open platform with a comprehensive risk management system and a proprietary and effective risk assessment model which employs advanced big data analytics and sophisticated algorithms to accurately assess the risk profiles of potential borrowers.
9F Inc. is a leading digital financial account platform integrating and personalizing financial services in China with the footprint expanding overseas. The Company provides a comprehensive range of financial products and services across loan product, online wealth management products, and payment facilitation, all integrated under a single digital financial account.
Founded in 2011, Aurora Mobile is a leading mobile developer service provider in China. Aurora Mobile is committed to providing efficient and stable push notification, one-click verification, and APP traffic monetization services to help developers improve operational efficiency, grow and monetize. Meanwhile, Aurora Mobile's vertical applications have expanded to market intelligence, financial risk management, and location-based intelligence, empowering various industries to improve productivity and optimize decision-making.
Nuveen High Income 2023 Target Term Fund of Beneficial Interest
Janus Henderson Group (JHG) is a leading global active asset manager dedicated to helping investors achieve long-term financial goals through a broad range of investment solutions, including equities, fixed income, quantitative equities, multi-asset and alternative asset class strategies. At 30 June 2020, Janus Henderson had approximately US$337 billion in assets under management, more than 2,000 employees, and offices in 27 cities worldwide. Headquartered in London, the company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).
James Hardie Industries plc is a manufacturer of fiber cement products and systems for internal and external building construction applications in the United States, Australia, New Zealand, and the Philippines. The Company markets its fiber cement products and systems under various Hardie brand names, such as HardieBacker boards, and other brand names, such as Artisan Lap and Artisan Accent Trim by James Hardie, Cemplank and Prevail siding, and Scyon advanced lightweight cement composite products, such as Scyon Stria cladding. The Company's fiber cement products are used in a number of markets, including new residential construction (single and multi-family housing), manufactured housing (mobile and pre-fabricated homes), repair and remodeling and a variety of commercial and industrial applications (stores, warehouses, offices, hotels, motels, schools, libraries, museums, dormitories, hospitals, detention facilities, religious buildings and gymnasiums).
The Fund primarily invests in equity securities of foreign companies. Typically, in implementing its strategy, the Fund invests in common stocks of large and mid-capitalization foreign companies with a history of above-average growth or those that the adviser believes are expected to enter periods of above-average growth. Large and mid-capitalization foreign companies are companies with market capitalizations equal to those within the universe of the MSCI ACWI ex-USA Growth Index at the time of purchase. The Fund will generally invest in companies located in at least three foreign countries, although it may invest a substantial portion of its assets in just one foreign country. The Fund may invest in issuers located in both developed foreign and emerging market countries. Developed foreign countries include Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, most of the countries of Western Europe and Hong Kong; emerging market countries include most of the other countries in the world.The equity securities in which the Fund may invest include, but are not limited to, common stock, preferred stock, trust or partnership interests, depositary receipts and warrants and rights.The Fund may invest in securities denominated in any currency and will invest substantially in securities denominated in foreign currencies.Derivatives, which are instruments that have a value based on another instrument, exchange rate or index, may also be used as substitutes for securities in which the Fund can invest. The Fund may utilize currency forwards (including nondeliverable forwards) to manage currency exposures, where practical, for the purpose of risk management, including hedging non-dollar currency exposure back to the U.S. dollar. The Fund may also use exchanged-traded futures for the efficient management of cash flows.Investment Process: In managing the Fund, the adviser employs a fundamental bottom-up approach that seeks to identify companies with strong growth and quality characteristics. The adviser identifies these companies through internal research and by subjecting them to a disciplined set of growth, quality and valuation criteria. Companies that display attractive characteristics and for which the growth is believed to be sustainable will be considered candidates for purchase. Conversely, companies become candidates for sale if the expected growth is believed to be at risk or when valuations are no longer attractive. As a part of this analysis, the adviser seeks to assess the risks presented by certain environmental, social and governance factors. While these particular risks are considered, securities of issuers presenting such risks may be purchased and retained by the Fund.

Juniper Industrial Holdings Inc Unit 1 Com & 12 Wt Exp 2024
Juniper Industrial Holdings Inc Warrants 13112026
J.Jill is a premier omnichannel retailer and nationally recognized women?€?s apparel brand committed to delighting customers with great wear-now product. The brand represents an easy, thoughtful and inspired style that reflects the confidence of remarkable women who live life with joy, passion and purpose. J.Jill offers a guiding customer experience through about 280 stores nationwide and a robust e-commerce platform. J.Jill is headquartered outside Boston.
J&J Snack Foods Corp. is a leader and innovator in the snack food industry, providing innovative, niche and affordable branded snack foods and beverages to foodservice and retail supermarket outlets. Manufactured and distributed nationwide, its principal products include SUPERPRETZEL, the #1 soft pretzel brand in the world, as well as internationally known ICEE and SLUSH PUPPIE frozen beverages, LUIGI?€?S Real Italian Ice, MINUTE MAID* frozen ices, WHOLE FRUIT sorbet and frozen fruit bars, SOUR PATCH KIDS** Flavored Ice Pops, Tio Pepe?€?s & CALIFORNIA CHURROS, and THE FUNNEL CAKE FACTORY funnel cakes and several bakery brands.
Jack Henry is a leading provider of technology solutions primarily for the financial services industry. We are a S&P 500 company that serves approximately 8,700 clients nationwide through three divisions: Jack Henry Banking ?? supports banks ranging from community banks to multi-billion-dollar institutions; Symitar ?? provides industry-leading solutions to credit unions of all sizes; and ProfitStars ?? offers highly specialized solutions to financial institutions of every asset size, as well as diverse corporate entities outside of the financial services industry. With a heritage that has been dedicated to openness, partnership, and user centricity for more than 40 years, we are well-positioned as a driving market force in future-ready digital solutions and payment processing services. We empower our clients and consumers with the human-centered, tech-forward, and insights-driven solutions that will get them where they want to go. Are you future ready?
JinkoSolar is one of the largest and most innovative solar module manufacturers in the world. JinkoSolar distributes it solar products and sells its solutions and services to a diversified international utility, commercial, and residential customer base in China, the United States, Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom, Chile, South Africa, India, Mexico, Brazil, the United Arab Emirates, Italy, Spain, France, Belgium, and other countries and regions. JinkoSolar has built a vertically integrated solar product value chain, with an integrated annual capacity of 20 GW for silicon wafers, 11 GW for solar cells, and 25 GW for solar modules, as of June 30, 2020. JinkoSolar has 7 production facilities globally, and 14 overseas subsidiaries in Japan, South Korea, Vietnam, India, Turkey, Germany, Italy, Switzerland, United States, Mexico, Brazil, Chile, and Australia, and global sales teams in China, United?? Kingdom, France, Spain, Bulgaria, Greece, Ukraine, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, Morocco, Kenya, South Africa, Costa Rica, Colombia, Panama, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, Myanmar, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Vietnam, Poland, and Argentina.
Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated (Jones Lang LaSalle) is a financial and professional services firm specializing in real estate. Jones Lang LaSalle has over 200 corporate offices worldwide and operations in more than 1,000 locations in 70 countries. The Company offers integrated real estate and investment management services on a local, regional and global basis to owner, occupier and investor clients. It has a portfolio of approximately 2.1 billion square feet worldwide. It delivers an array of Real Estate Services (RES) across its three geographic business segments: the Americas, Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia Pacific. In May 2013, Jones Lang LaSalle Inc acquired Halcyon Real Estate Pte Ltd. In June 2013, Jones Lang LaSalle Inc acquired Quadrant Realty Finance. In August 2013, the Company announced that it has acquired Means Knaus Partners (MKP). Effective September 12, 2013, the Company acquired NAI Capital Realty.
Jumia Technologies AG American Depositary Shares each representing two
JMP Group LLC is a diversified capital markets firm that provides investment banking, equity research, and sales and trading services to corporate and institutional clients as well as alternative asset management products and services to institutional and high-net-worth investors. JMP Group conducts its investment banking and research, sales and trading activities through JMP Securities; its hedge fund, venture capital, and private capital activities through Harvest Capital Strategies and JMP Asset Management; and the management of Harvest Capital Credit Corporation (NASDAQ: HCAP), a business development company, through HCAP Advisors.
JMP Group LLC 7.25% Senior Notes due 2027
JMP Group LLC 6.875 NT REDEEM 30092029 USD 25
Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage immunotherapy company dedicated to transforming the treatment of cancer by developing therapies that enable the immune system to attack tumors and provide long-lasting benefits to patients through a biomarker-driven approach. Jounce currently has multiple development stage programs ongoing while simultaneously advancing additional early-stage assets from its robust discovery engine based on its Translational Science Platform. Jounce?€?s most advanced product candidate, vopratelimab, is a monoclonal antibody that binds to and activates ICOS, and is currently being studied in the SELECT Phase 2 trial. JTX-4014 is a PD-1 inhibitor intended for combination use in the SELECT trial and with Jounce?€?s broader pipeline. Jounce?€?s next development stage product candidate, JTX-8064, is a LILRB2 (ILT4) receptor antagonist shown to reprogram immune-suppressive tumor associated macrophages to an anti-tumor state. A Phase 1 trial evaluating JTX-8064 is planned to begin enrollment in the fourth quarter of 2020.
At Johnson & Johnson, we believe good health is the foundation of vibrant lives, thriving communities and forward progress. That's why for more than 130 years, we have aimed to keep people well at every age and every stage of life. Today, as the world's largest and most broadly-based healthcare company, we are committed to using our reach and size for good. We strive to improve access and affordability, create healthier communities, and put a healthy mind, body and environment within reach of everyone, everywhere. We are blending our heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.
Juniper Networks challenges the inherent complexity that comes with networking and security in the multicloud era. We do this with products, solutions and services??that??transform the way people connect, work and live. We simplify the process of transitioning to a secure??and??automated multicloud environment to enable secure, AI-driven networks that connect the??world.
General Employment Enterprises, Inc. provides contract and placement staffing services for business and industry. The Company operates in three segments: Contract staffing services, Direct hire placement services and Management services. Its professional staffing services provide information technology, engineering and accounting professionals to clients on either a regular placement basis or a temporary contract basis. The Company's agricultural staffing services provide agricultural workers for farms and groves. The Company's industrial staffing business provides weekly temporary staffing for light industrial clients in Ohio and Pennsylvania. The Company's placement services include placing candidates into regular, full-time jobs with client-employers. In August 2011, the Company purchased certain assets of Ashley Ellis, LLC (Ashley Ellis).
Founded in 1998, 51job is a leading provider of integrated human resource services in China. With a comprehensive suite of HR solutions, 51job meets the needs of enterprises and job seekers through the entire talent management cycle, from initial recruitment to employee retention and career development. The Company's main online recruitment platforms ( http://www.51job.com, http://www.yingjiesheng.com, http://www.51jingying.com, http://www.lagou.com, and http://www.51mdd.com ), as well as mobile applications, connect millions of people with??employment opportunities every day. 51job also provides a number of other value-added HR services, including business process outsourcing, training, professional assessment, campus recruitment, executive search and compensation analysis. 51job has a call center in Wuhan and a nationwide network of sales and service locations spanning more than 30 cities across China.
The St. Joe Company is a real estate development, asset management and operating company with real estate assets and operations in Northwest Florida, which the Company predominantly use, or intend to use, for or in connection with, various residential real estate developments, hospitality operations, commercial developments and leasing operations and forestry operations.
J OHNSON O UTDOORS is a leading global innovator of outdoor recreation equipment and technologies that inspire more people to experience the awe of the great outdoors. The company designs, manufactures and markets a portfolio of winning, consumer-preferred brands across four categories: Watercraft Recreation, Fishing, Diving and Camping. Johnson Outdoors' iconic brands include: Old Town ?? canoes and kayaks; Ocean Kayak ??? ; Carlisle ?? paddles; Minn Kota ?? fishing motors, batteries and anchors; Cannon ?? downriggers; Humminbird ?? marine electronics and charts; SCUBAPRO ?? dive equipment; Jetboil ?? outdoor cooking systems; and, Eureka! ?? camping and hiking equipment.
Jupai Holdings Limited ("Jupai") is a leading third-party wealth management service provider focusing on distributing wealth management products and providing quality product advisory services to high-net-worth individuals in China. Jupai's comprehensive and personalized client service and broad range of carefully selected third-party and self-developed products have made it a trusted brand among its clients. Jupai maintains extensive and targeted coverage of China's high-net-worth population.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $3.2 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of customers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands.

JPMorgan Chase Bank N A London Branch Depositary Shs Repstg 1/400th Pfd Ser O
J P Morgan Chase & Co Depositary Shares Series A
J P Morgan Chase & Co Depositary Shares Series B

China Finance Online Co. Limited (CFO Hong Kong) is a provider of vertically integrated financial services, including news, data, analytics and brokerage through Web portals, software systems and mobile handsets. The Company has two principal operating segments: online financial data subscription service and other related services, and brokerage service. Through the Web portals, http://www.jrj.com and http://www.stockstar.com, the Company provides individual users with subscription-based service packages that integrate financial and listed company data, information and analytics from multiple sources with features and functions, such as data and information search, retrieval, delivery, storage and analysis. These features and functions are delivered through its software available by download, through Internet or through mobile handsets.
Jerash holdings (US) Inc - Ordinary Shares
James River Group Holdings, Ltd. is a Bermuda-based insurance holding company which owns and operates a group of specialty insurance and reinsurance companies. The Company operates in three specialty property-casualty insurance and reinsurance segments: Excess and Surplus Lines, Specialty Admitted Insurance and Casualty Reinsurance. Each of the Company?€?s regulated insurance subsidiaries are rated ?€?A?€? (Excellent) by A.M. Best Company. Visit James River Group Holdings, Ltd. on the web at www.jrgh.net. James River Group Holdings, Ltd. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet Data (Unaudited) September 30, 2020 December 31, 2019 ($ in thousands, except for share data) ASSETS Invested assets: Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale $ 1,813,471 $ 1,433,626 Equity securities, at fair value 79,896 80,735 Bank loan participations, at fair value in 2020 and at amortized cost, net of allowance in 2019 131,198 260,864 Short-term investments 71,986 156,925 Other invested assets 45,621 61,210 Total invested assets 2,142,172 1,993,360 Cash and cash equivalents 139,969 206,912 Restricted cash equivalents 940,221 1,199,164 Accrued investment income 11,730 13,597 Premiums receivable and agents?€? balances, net 331,008 369,462 Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses, net 769,815 668,045 Reinsurance recoverable on paid losses 36,591 33,221 Deferred policy acquisition costs 53,967 62,006 Goodwill and intangible assets 218,324 218,771 Other assets 340,556 259,867 Total assets $ 4,984,353 $ 5,024,405 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS?€? EQUITY Reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses $ 2,106,749 $ 2,045,506 Unearned premiums 581,098 524,377 Funds held 940,221 1,199,164 Senior debt 217,300 158,300 Junior subordinated debt 104,055 104,055 Accrued expenses 54,907 58,416 Other liabilities 158,617 156,006 Total liabilities 4,162,947 4,245,824 Total shareholders?€? equity 821,406 778,581 Total liabilities and shareholders?€? equity $ 4,984,353 $ 5,024,405 Tangible equity (a) $ 603,082 $ 559,810 Tangible equity per common share outstanding (a) $ 19.70 $ 18.40 Total shareholders?€? equity per common share outstanding $ 26.83 $ 25.59 Common shares outstanding 30,610,153 30,424,391 (a)?? See ?€?Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures?€?. James River Group Holdings, Ltd. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Income (Loss) Statement Data (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 ($ in thousands, except for share data) REVENUES Gross written premiums $ 311,852 $ 388,228 $ 897,332 $ 1,095,565 Net written premiums 145,159 223,869 445,570 671,520 Net earned premiums 152,962 213,374 447,695 602,640 Net investment income 14,959 17,878 51,145 54,844 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments (a) 8,929 (2,357 ) (27,885 ) 331 Other income 615 2,579 3,543 8,160 Total revenues 177,465 231,474 474,498 665,975 EXPENSES Losses and loss adjustment expenses 106,155 214,084 301,757 501,064 Other operating expenses 38,224 41,692 133,242 132,287 Other expenses 60 372 1,792 1,055 Interest expense 2,129 2,594 7,970 8,086 Amortization of intangible assets 149 149 447 447 Total expenses 146,717 258,891 445,208 642,939 Income (loss) before taxes 30,748 (27,417 ) 29,290 23,036 Income tax expense (benefit) 4,465 (2,250 ) 4,208 5,168 NET INCOME (LOSS) $ 26,283 $ (25,167 ) $ 25,082 $ 17,868 ADJUSTED NET OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) (b) $ 17,382 $ (22,208 ) $ 50,179 $ 19,682 EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE Basic $ 0.86 $ (0.83 ) $ 0.82 $ 0.59 Diluted $ 0.85 $ (0.83 ) $ 0.81 $ 0.58 ADJUSTED NET OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) PER?????? SHARE Basic $ 0.57 $ (0.73 ) $ 1.64 $ 0.65 Diluted $ 0.56 $ (0.73 ) $ 1.63 $ 0.64 Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic 30,582,540 30,382,105 30,529,557 30,230,490 Diluted 30,946,843 30,382,105 30,838,595 30,659,389 Cash dividends declared per common share $ 0.30 $ 0.30 $ 0.90 $ 0.90 Ratios: Loss ratio 69.4 % 100.3 % 67.4 % 83.1 % Expense ratio (c) 24.8 % 18.5 % 29.2 % 20.8 % Combined ratio 94.2 % 118.8 % 96.6 % 103.9 % Accident year loss ratio 66.6 % 73.6 % 66.0 % 73.1 % (a) Includes gains of $2.4 million and losses of $6.9 million for the change in net unrealized gains/losses on equity securities in the three and nine months ended September??30, 2020, respectively (gains of $3.3 million and $8.7 million for the respective prior year periods), and gains of $9.7 million and losses of $7.6 million for the change in net unrealized losses on bank loan participations in the three and nine months ended September??30, 2020, respectively, following the Company's election of the fair value option for bank loans effective January 1, 2020. (b) See "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures". (c) Calculated with a numerator comprising other operating expenses less gross fee income (in specific instances when the Company is not retaining insurance risk) included in ?€?Other income?€? in our Condensed Consolidated Income Statements of $363,000 and $2.7 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2020 ($2.3 million and $7.3 million for the respective prior year periods) and a denominator of net earned premiums. James River Group Holdings, Ltd. and Subsidiaries Segment Results EXCESS AND SURPLUS LINES Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 % Change 2020 2019 % Change ($ in thousands) Gross written premiums $ 179,458 $ 241,045 (25.6)% $ 502,649 $ 687,871 (26.9)% Net written premiums $ 109,170 $ 171,715 (36.4)% $ 328,190 $ 522,200 (37.2)% Net earned premiums $ 104,933 $ 164,759 (36.3)% $ 305,521 $ 457,352 (33.2)% Losses and loss adjustment expenses (69,938 ) (176,154 ) (60.3)% (198,877 ) (399,996 ) (50.3)% Underwriting expenses (19,414 ) (17,956 ) 8.1% (66,856 ) (57,795 ) 15.7% Underwriting profit (loss) (a), (b) $ 15,581 $ (29,351 ) - $ 39,788 $ (439 ) - Ratios: Loss ratio 66.7 % 106.9 % 65.1 % 87.5 % Expense ratio 18.5 % 10.9 % 21.9 % 12.6 % Combined ratio 85.2 % 117.8 % 87.0 % 100.1 % Accident year loss ratio 66.6 % 76.6 % 66.0 % 76.3 % (a) See "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures". (b) Underwriting results include fee income of $?€? and $1.6 million for the three and nine months ended September??30, 2020, respectively ($2.2 million and $7.1 million for the respective prior year periods). These amounts are included in ?€?Other income?€? in our Condensed Consolidated Income Statements. SPECIALTY ADMITTED INSURANCE Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 % Change 2020 2019 % Change ($ in thousands) Gross written premiums $ 112,589 $ 100,459 12.1% $ 303,831 $ 292,884 3.7% Net written premiums $ 16,184 $ 14,570 11.1% $ 42,279 $ 43,625 (3.1)% Net earned premiums $ 14,985 $ 14,242 5.2% $ 42,660 $ 39,688 7.5% Losses and loss adjustment expenses (10,745 ) (9,481 ) 13.3% (31,209 ) (25,085 ) 24.4% Underwriting expenses (2,381 ) (3,924 ) (39.3)% (9,150 ) (10,845 ) (15.6)% Underwriting profit (a), (b) $ 1,859 $ 837 122.1% $ 2,301 $ 3,758 (38.8)% Ratios: Loss ratio 71.7 % 66.6 % 73.2 % 63.2 % Expense ratio 15.9 % 27.5 % 21.4 % 27.3 % Combined ratio 87.6 % 94.1 % 94.6 % 90.5 % Accident year loss ratio 85.1 % 73.6 % 82.6 % 73.9 % (a) See "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures". (b) Underwriting results include fee income of $4.6 million and $14.2 million for the three and nine months ended September??30, 2020, respectively ($4.0 million and $11.6 million for the respective prior year periods). CASUALTY REINSURANCE Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 % Change 2020 2019 % Change ($ in thousands) Gross written premiums $ 19,805 $ 46,724 (57.6)% $ 90,852 $ 114,810 (20.9)% Net written premiums $ 19,805 $ 37,584 (47.3)% $ 75,101 $ 105,695 (28.9)% Net earned premiums $ 33,044 $ 34,373 (3.9)% $ 99,514 $ 105,600 (5.8)% Losses and loss adjustment expenses (25,472 ) (28,449 ) (10.5)% (71,671 ) (75,983 ) (5.7)% Underwriting expenses (8,261 ) (10,212 ) (19.1)% (30,962 ) (33,678 ) (8.1)% Underwriting loss (a) $ (689 ) $ (4,288 ) (83.9)% $ (3,119 ) $ (4,061 ) (23.2)% Ratios: Loss ratio 77.1 % 82.8 % 72.0 % 72.0 % Expense ratio 25.0 % 29.7 % 31.1 % 31.8 % Combined ratio 102.1 % 112.5 % 103.1 % 103.8 % Accident year loss ratio 58.3 % 59.7 % 58.9 % 59.4 % (a) See "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures". RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP MEASURES Underwriting Profit (Loss) The following table reconciles the underwriting profit (loss) by individual operating segment and for the entire Company to consolidated income (loss) before taxes. We believe that these measures are useful to investors in evaluating the performance of our Company and its operating segments because our objective is to consistently earn underwriting profits. We evaluate the performance of our operating segments and allocate resources based primarily on underwriting profit of operating segments. Our definition of underwriting profit of operating segments and underwriting profit may not be comparable to that of other companies. Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 (in thousands) Underwriting profit (loss) of the operating segments: Excess and Surplus Lines $ 15,581 $ (29,351 ) $ 39,788 $ (439 ) Specialty Admitted Insurance 1,859 837 2,301 3,758 Casualty Reinsurance (689 ) (4,288 ) (3,119 ) (4,061 ) Total underwriting profit (loss) of operating segments 16,751 (32,802 ) 38,970 (742 ) Other operating expenses of the Corporate and Other segment (7,805 ) (7,302 ) (23,556 ) (22,641 ) Underwriting profit (loss) (a) 8,946 (40,104 ) 15,414 (23,383 ) Net investment income 14,959 17,878 51,145 54,844 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments (b) 8,929 (2,357 ) (27,885 ) 331 Other income 192 (91 ) (967 ) (223 ) Interest expense (2,129 ) (2,594 ) (7,970 ) (8,086 ) Amortization of intangible assets (149 ) (149 ) (447 ) (447 ) Consolidated income (loss) before taxes $ 30,748 $ (27,417 ) $ 29,290 $ 23,036 (a) Included in underwriting results for the three and nine months ended September??30, 2020 is fee income of $4.6 million and $15.8 million, respectively ($6.1 million and $18.7 million for the respective prior year periods). (b) Includes gains of $2.4 million and losses of $6.9 million for the change in net unrealized gains/losses on equity securities in the three and nine months ended September??30, 2020, respectively (gains of $3.3 million and $8.7 million for the respective prior year periods), and gains of $9.7 million and losses of $7.6 million for the change in net unrealized losses on bank loan participations in the three and nine months ended September??30, 2020, respectively, following the Company's election of the fair value option for bank loans effective January 1, 2020. Adjusted Net Operating Income (Loss) We define adjusted net operating income (loss) as net income (loss) excluding net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments (net realized investment gains (losses) and the change in unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities and bank loan participations effective with the Company's election of the fair value option for bank loans on January 1, 2020), as well as non-operating expenses including those that relate to due diligence costs for various merger and acquisition activities, professional fees related to the filing of registration statements for the sale of our securities, and costs associated with former employees. We use adjusted net operating income (loss) as an internal performance measure in the management of our operations because we believe it gives our management and other users of our financial information useful insight into our results of operations and our underlying business performance. Adjusted net operating income (loss) should not be viewed as a substitute for net income (loss) calculated in accordance with GAAP, and our definition of adjusted net operating income (loss) may not be comparable to that of other companies. Our income (loss) before taxes and net income (loss) reconciles to our adjusted net operating income (loss) as follows: Three Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 Income Before Taxes Net Income (Loss) Income Before Taxes Net (Loss) Income (in thousands) Income (loss) as reported $ 30,748 $ 26,283 $ (27,417 ) $ (25,167 ) Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses on investments (a) (8,929 ) (8,824 ) 2,357 2,665 Other expenses (21 ) (77 ) 372 294 Adjusted net operating income (loss) $ 21,798 $ 17,382 $ (24,688 ) $ (22,208 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 Income Before Taxes Net Income Income Before Taxes Net Income (in thousands) Income as reported $ 29,290 $ 25,082 $ 23,036 $ 17,868 Net realized and unrealized losses (gains) on investments (a) 27,885 23,646 (331 ) 980 Other expenses 1,711 1,451 1,055 834 Adjusted net operating income $ 58,886 $ 50,179 $ 23,760 $ 19,682 (a)?? Includes gains of $2.4 million and losses of $6.9 million for the change in net unrealized gains/losses on equity securities in the three and nine months ended September??30, 2020, respectively (gains of $3.3 million and $8.7 million for the respective prior year periods), and gains of $9.7 million and losses of $7.6 million for the change in net unrealized losses on bank loan participations in the three and nine months ended September??30, 2020, respectively, following the Company's election of the fair value option for bank loans effective January 1, 2020. Tangible Equity (per Share) and Pre-Dividend Tangible Equity (per Share) We define tangible equity as shareholders?€? equity less goodwill and intangible assets (net of amortization). Our definition of tangible equity may not be comparable to that of other companies, and it should not be viewed as a substitute for shareholders?€? equity calculated in accordance with GAAP. We use tangible equity internally to evaluate the strength of our balance sheet and to compare returns relative to this measure. The following table reconciles shareholders?€? equity to tangible equity for September??30, 2020, December??31, 2019, and September??30, 2019 and reconciles tangible equity to tangible equity before dividends for September??30, 2020.
Navient Corporation provides financial products and services in the United States. The company operates in four segments: FFELP Loans, Private Education Loans, Business Services, and Other. It provides federal family education loan program (FFELP) loans and servicing for FFELP loan portfolio; and servicing and asset recovery services for loans on behalf of guarantors of FFELP loans, guaranty agencies, higher education institutions, the United States Department of Education, and other federal clients, as well as states, courts, and municipalities. The company also acquires, finances, and services private education loans. Navient Corporation is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware.
Jianpu Technology Inc. American depositary shares each two representing five Class A
Jupiter Wellness, Inc., is a leading a cutting-edge wellness brand dedicated to exploring the multiple therapeutic and medical uses of cannabidiol via a collection of convenient products and services not found anywhere else in the industry. It is dedicated to advancing research into the multitude of medical and therapeutic uses of CBD for treatment of common ailments like Eczema, Dermatitis, Burns and Herpes, among others. The Company was formed in 2019 by a collection of professionals from the pharmaceutical, biotech, and financial industries, and is headquartered in Jupiter, Florida.
Jupiter Wellness Inc - Warrants (01/10/2025)
Coffee Holding Co., Inc. is a leading integrated wholesale coffee roaster and dealer in the United States and one of the few coffee companies that offers a broad array of coffee products across the entire spectrum of consumer tastes, preferences and price points. Coffee Holding has been a family-operated business for three generations and has remained profitable through varying cycles in the coffee industry and the economy. The Company?€?s private label and branded coffee products are sold throughout the United States, Canada and abroad to supermarkets, wholesalers, and individually owned and multi-unit retail customers.
John Wiley & Sons, Inc. is a global publisher of print and electronic products, providing content and digital solutions to customers worldwide. Scientific, Technical, Medical and Scholarly includes the publishing of titles for the scientific, technical, medical and scholarly communities worldwide including academic, corporate, government and public libraries; researchers; scientists; clinicians; engineers and technologists; scholarly and professional societies, and students and professors. Professional/Trade includes the publishing of books, subscription products and information services in all media. Higher Education includes the publishing of educational materials in all media, for two and four-year colleges and universities, for-profit career colleges and advanced placement classes worldwide, as well as secondary schools in Australia. In February 2012, the Company acquired Inscape Holdings Inc.
John Wiley & Sons, Inc. is a global publisher of print and electronic products, providing content and digital solutions to customers worldwide. Scientific, Technical, Medical and Scholarly includes the publishing of titles for the scientific, technical, medical and scholarly communities worldwide including academic, corporate, government and public libraries; researchers; scientists; clinicians; engineers and technologists; scholarly and professional societies, and students and professors. Professional/Trade includes the publishing of books, subscription products and information services in all media. Higher Education includes the publishing of educational materials in all media, for two and four-year colleges and universities, for-profit career colleges and advanced placement classes worldwide, as well as secondary schools in Australia. In February 2012, the Company acquired Inscape Holdings Inc.
Nordstrom, Inc. is a leading fashion retailer based in the U.S. Founded in 1901 as a shoe store in Seattle, today Nordstrom operates 355 stores in 40 states, including 100 full-line stores in the United States and Canada ; 248 Nordstrom Rack stores; two clearance stores; and five Nordstrom Local service hubs. Additionally, customers are served online through Nordstrom.com, Nordstrom.ca, Nordstromrack.com, HauteLook.com and TrunkClub.com. Nordstrom, Inc.'s common stock is publicly traded on the NYSE under the symbol JWN.
DELISTED -
Jaws Acquisition Corp. Units each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and onethird of one redeemable warrant
Jaws Acquisition Corp. Redeemable Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50
Jiya Acquisition Corp - Class A
The Joint Corp. revolutionized access to chiropractic care when it introduced its retail healthcare business model in 2010. Today, the company is making quality care convenient and affordable, while eliminating the need for insurance, for millions of patients seeking pain relief and ongoing wellness. With more than 550 locations nationwide and over seven million patient visits annually, The Joint Chiropractic is a key leader in the chiropractic industry. Named on Franchise Times "Top 200+ Franchises" and Entrepreneur's "Franchise 500 ?? " lists, The Joint Chiropractic is an innovative force, where healthcare meets retail.
At Kellogg Company, we strive to enrich and delight the world through foods and brands that matter. Our beloved brands include Pringles??, Cheez-It??, Special K??, Kellogg's Frosted Flakes??, Pop-Tarts??, Kellogg's Corn Flakes??, Rice Krispies??, Eggo??, Mini-Wheats ??, Kashi??, RXBAR ??, MorningStar Farms ?? and more. Net sales in 2019 were approximately $13.6 billion, comprised principally of snacks and convenience foods like cereal and frozen foods. Kellogg brands are beloved in markets around the world. We are also a company with Heart & Soul, committed to creating Better Days for 3 billion people by the end of 2030 through our Kellogg's?? Better Days global purpose platform. Visit www.KelloggCompany.com or www.OpenforBreakfast.com. SOURCE Kellogg Company Related Links http://www.kelloggcompany.com
Kadant Inc. is a global supplier of high-value, critical components and engineered systems used in process industries worldwide. Our products, technologies, and services play an integral role in enhancing process efficiency, optimizing energy utilization, and maximizing productivity in resource-intensive industries. Kadant is based in Westford, Massachusetts, with approximately 2,700 employees in 20 countries worldwide.
Kala is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative therapies for diseases of the eye. Kala has applied its AMPPLIFY ?? mucus penetrating particle Drug Delivery Technology to a corticosteroid, loteprednol etabonate (LE), designed for ocular applications, resulting in the October 2020 approval of EYSUVIS TM (loteprednol etabonate ophthalmic suspension) 0.25% for the short-term (up to two weeks) treatment of signs and symptoms of dry eye disease and the January 2019 launch of INVELTYS ?? (loteprednol etabonate ophthalmic suspension) 1% for the treatment of post-operative inflammation and pain following ocular surgery.
Kaiser Aluminum Corporation is engaged in the production of semi-fabricated specialty aluminum products. The Company's operations consist of one segment in the aluminum industry, Fabricated Products. It owns a 49% interest in Anglesey Aluminium Limited. In addition to the Fabricated Products segment, it has three other business units, which consist of Secondary Aluminum, Hedging, and Corporate and Other. Secondary Aluminum business unit sells value-added products, such as ingot and billet, produced from Anglesey, for which the Company receives a portion of a over normal commodity market prices. Its Hedging business unit conducts hedging activities primarily in respect of its exposure to metal price risks related to its firm-price customer sales contracts. It manufactures rolled, extruded, and drawn aluminum products to serve four end market segments: aerospace and high strength products, general engineering products, extrusions for automotive applications and other industrial products.
KalVista Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of small molecule protease inhibitors for diseases with significant unmet need. KalVista has developed a proprietary portfolio of novel, small molecule plasma kallikrein inhibitors initially targeting hereditary angioedema (HAE) and diabetic macular edema (DME). KalVista is developing KVD900 as an on-demand therapy for acute HAE attacks and is conducting a Phase 2 proof-of-concept study in HAE patients with data expected in the fourth quarter of 2020. KVD824 is in development for prophylactic treatment of HAE with an expected IND filing in the first quarter of 2021. KalVista?€?s recently announced oral Factor XIIa inhibitor program represents a new generation of therapies that may further improve the treatment of HAE for patients. In DME, an intravitreally administered plasma kallikrein inhibitor known as KVD001, completed a Phase 2 clinical trial in 2019.
Kaman Corporation, founded in 1945 by aviation pioneer Charles H. Kaman, and headquartered in Bloomfield, Connecticut, conducts business in the aerospace & defense, industrial and medical markets. Kaman produces and markets proprietary aircraft bearings and components; super precision, miniature ball bearings; proprietary spring energized seals, springs and contacts; complex metallic and composite aerostructures for commercial, military and general aviation fixed and rotary wing aircraft; safe and arming solutions for missile and bomb systems for the U.S. and allied militaries; subcontract helicopter work; restoration, modification and support of our SH-2G Super Seasprite maritime helicopters; manufacture and support of our K-MAX?? manned and unmanned medium-to-heavy lift helicopters.
KAR Auction Services provides sellers and buyers across the global wholesale used vehicle industry with innovative, technology-driven remarketing solutions. KAR's unique end-to-end platform supports whole car, salvage, financing, logistics and other ancillary and related services, including the sale of nearly 3.5 million units valued at over $40 billion through our auctions. Our integrated physical, online and mobile marketplaces reduce risk, improve transparency and streamline transactions for customers in more than 70 countries. Headquartered in Carmel, Ind., KAR has approximately 15,000 employees across the United States, Canada, Mexico and Europe.
KOALA CORP
KB Financial Group is Korea's leading financial services provider, offering a broad range of financial products and services. The Group was founded in 2008 to better serve clients, enable growth and deliver value in a rapidly changing financial environment. Our core strengths are our expertise, broad customer base, wide distribution network and strong franchise value. Under the Group, there are 12 subsidiaries including KB Kookmin Bank, KB Securities, KB Insurance, KB Kookmin Card, KB Asset Management, KB Capital, KB Life Insurance, KB Real Estate Trust, KB Savings Bank, KB Investment, KB Data Systems and KB Credit Information. Through our businesses, we are providing integrated financial solutions and services to our clients to help them achieve their financial goals and thrive.
For 70 years, Kimball International has created design driven furnishings that have helped our customers shape spaces into places, bringing possibility to life by enabling collaboration, discovery, wellness and relaxation. We go to market through our family of brands: Kimball, National, Interwoven, Etc., Kimball Hospitality, and D?€?style by Kimball Hospitality. Our values and high integrity are demonstrated daily by living our Purpose and Guiding Principles that establish us as an employer of choice. We build success by growing long-term relationships with customers, employees, suppliers, shareholders, and the communities in which we operate. In fiscal year 2020, the company generated $728 million in revenue and employed over 2,800 people.
KB Home is one of the largest and most recognized homebuilders in the United States and has been building quality homes for over 60 years. Today, KB Home operates in 42 markets across eight states, serving a wide array of buyer groups. What sets us apart is how we give our customers the ability to personalize their homes from homesites and floor plans to cabinets and countertops, at a price that fits their budget. We are the first builder to make every home we build ENERGY STAR ?? certified. In fact, we go beyond the EPA requirements by ensuring every ENERGY STAR certified KB home has been tested and verified by a third-party inspector to meet the EPA?€?s strict certification standards, which help to lower the cost of ownership and to make our new homes healthier and more comfortable than new ones without certification. We also work with our customers every step of the way, building strong personal relationships so they have a real partner in the homebuying process, and the experience is as simple and easy as possible.
Kubient Inc Com
Kubient Inc Wt Exp 07092025
KBR is a global provider of differentiated professional services and solutions across the asset and program life cycle within the government services and technology sectors. KBR employs approximately 28,000 people worldwide with customers in more than 80 countries and operations in 40 countries. KBR is proud to work with its customers across the globe to provide technology, value-added services, and long- term operations and maintenance services to ensure consistent delivery with predictable results. At KBR, We Deliver.
Headquartered in Shishi, China, KBS Fashion Group Limited, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in the business of designing, manufacturing, selling and distributing its own casual menswear brand, KBS, through a network of 30??KBS branded stores (as of Dec 31, 2019)??and over a number of multi-brand stores.
Kingsoft Cloud Holdings Limited is a leading independent cloud service provider in China. Kingsoft Cloud has built a comprehensive and reliable cloud platform consisting of extensive cloud infrastructure, cutting-edge cloud products and well-architected industry-specific solutions across public cloud, enterprise cloud and AIoT cloud services.

Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. Units each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and onehalf of one redeemable warrant
Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp
KCAP Financial Inc. 6.125% Notes due 2022

Chinook Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing precision medicines for kidney diseases. Chinook?€?s product candidates are being investigated in rare, severe chronic kidney disorders with opportunities for well-defined clinical pathways. Chinook?€?s lead program is atrasentan, an investigational Phase 3-ready endothelin receptor antagonist for the treatment of IgA nephropathy and other primary glomerular diseases. BION-1301, an investigational anti-APRIL monoclonal antibody is being evaluated in a Phase 1b trial for IgA nephropathy. In addition, Chinook is advancing CHK-336, a small-molecule preclinical development candidate for the treatment of primary hyperoxaluria, as well as research programs for other rare, severe chronic kidney diseases, including polycystic kidney disease. Chinook is building its pipeline by leveraging insights in kidney single cell RNA sequencing, human-derived organoids and new translational models, to discover and develop therapeutics with differentiating mechanisms of action against key kidney disease pathways.
Keurig Dr Pepper Inc
Kimball Electronics is a multifaceted manufacturing solutions provider of electronics and diversified contract manufacturing services to customers around the world. From our operations in the United States, China, India, Japan, Mexico, Poland, Romania, Thailand, and Vietnam, our teams are proud to provide manufacturing services for a variety of industries. Recognized for a reputation of excellence, we are committed to a high-performance culture that values personal and organizational commitment to quality, reliability, value, speed, and ethical behavior. Kimball Electronics, Inc. is headquartered in Jasper, Indiana.
Kelly Services, Inc. (Nasdaq: KELYA, KELYB) connects talented people to companies in need of their skills in areas including Science, Engineering, Education, Office, Contact Center, Light Industrial, and more. We?€?re always thinking about what?€?s next in the evolving world of work, and we help people ditch the script on old ways of thinking and embrace the value of all workstyles in the workplace. We directly employ approximately 440,000 people around the world, and we connect thousands more with work through our global network of talent suppliers and partners in our outsourcing and consulting practice. Revenue in 2019 was $5.4 billion. Visit kellyservices.com and let us help with what?€?s next for you.
Kelly Services, Inc. (Kelly) is a global workforce solutions provider operating throughout the world. Kelly assigns professional and technical employees in the fields of education, legal, health care, and creative services. It has also developed a suite of solutions to help customers manage their workforce. Kelly offers outsourcing, consulting, recruitment, career transition and vendor management services. It operates in seven business segments: Americas Commercial, Americas Professional and Technical (Americas PT), EMEA Commercial, EMEA Professional and Technical (EMEA PT), APAC Commercial, APAC Professional and Technical (APAC PT) and Outsourcing and Consulting Group (OCG). Kelly's workforce solutions are provided to a diversified group of customers through offices in three regions: the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) and Asia Pacific. On November 16, 2011, it acquired Tradicao Planejamento e Tecnologia de Servicos S.A. and Tradicao Tecnologia e Servicos Ltda.
Kenon Holdings Ltd., through its subsidiaries, owns, develops, and operates power generation facilities primarily in Latin America, the Caribbean, and Israel markets. It also develops, manufactures, and distributes passenger vehicles in China; provides container shipping services; manufactures specialty foundry semiconductor; and develops and owns proprietary natural gas-to-liquid technology process, as well as dish technologies for solar thermal power fields. As of December 31, 2014, the company operated 85 owned and chartered vessels. Kenon Holdings Ltd. is based in Singapore.
Korea Electric Power Corporation is a Korea-based company engaged in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity and development of electric power resources. The Company and its subsidiaries are mainly engaged in four business segments: electricity sales segment, nuclear power segment, thermal power segment and other business segment. Its electricity sales segment mainly engages in the development and sale of power resources. Its nuclear power segment consists of nuclear and pumping-up power generation businesses. Its thermal power segment consists of bituminous, anthracite, liquefied natural gas and other power generation businesses. Its other business segment engages in the design and maintenance of power facilities, processing of nuclear fuels and provision of power information technology (IT) services and others.
Founded in 1906, Kewaunee Scientific Corporation is a recognized global leader in the design, manufacture, and installation of laboratory, healthcare, and technical furniture products. The Company's products include steel, wood, and laminate casework, fume hoods, adaptable modular systems, moveable workstations, stand-alone benches, biological safety cabinets, and epoxy resin worksurfaces and sinks. The Company's corporate headquarters are located in Statesville, North Carolina. Direct sales offices are located in the United States, India and Singapore. Three manufacturing facilities are located in Statesville serving the domestic and international markets, and one manufacturing facility is located in Bangalore, India serving the local and Asian markets. Kewaunee Scientific's website is located at http://www.kewaunee.com.
Akerna is a regulatory compliance technology company in the cannabis space. The cornerstones of Akerna?€?s service offerings are MJ Platform ?? and Leaf Data Systems ??, which are highly-versatile platforms that provide clients and government entities with a central data management system for tracking regulated cannabis products?€?from seed to product to shelf to customer?€?through the complete supply chain. Since establishment in 2010, the company has tracked more than $17 billion in cannabis sales. As part of its business strategy, Akerna intends to grow through targeted, strategic acquisitions that are complementary to its current business and organically by accelerating its product development efforts. Akerna is based in Denver.
MTech Acquisition Corp. Warrant
Kirby Corporation, based in Houston, Texas, is the nation?€?s largest domestic tank barge operator transporting bulk liquid products throughout the Mississippi River System, on the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway, coastwise along all three United States coasts, and in Alaska and Hawaii. Kirby transports petrochemicals, black oil, refined petroleum products and agricultural chemicals by tank barge. In addition, Kirby participates in the transportation of dry-bulk commodities in United States coastwise trade. Through the distribution and services segment, Kirby provides after-market service and parts for engines, transmissions, reduction gears, and related equipment used in oilfield services, marine, power generation, on-highway, and other industrial applications. Kirby also rents equipment including generators, industrial compressors, railcar movers, and high capacity lift trucks for use in a variety of industrial markets, and manufactures and remanufactures oilfield service equipment, including pressure pumping units, for land-based oilfield service customers. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS Third Quarter Nine Months 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, $ in thousands, except per share amounts) Revenues: Marine transportation $ 320,602 $ 412,665 $ 1,104,846 $ 1,185,072 Distribution and services 175,965 254,144 576,806 997,400 Total revenues 496,567 666,809 1,681,652 2,182,472 Costs and expenses: Costs of sales and operating expenses 340,764 458,514 1,167,871 1,558,664 Selling, general and administrative 61,720 64,656 199,412 206,602 Taxes, other than on income 9,077 10,909 33,548 31,486 Depreciation and amortization 54,779 54,455 165,067 164,771 Impairments and other charges ?€? ?€? 561,274 ?€? (Gain) loss on disposition of assets 316 374 13 (4,901 ) Total costs and expenses 466,656 588,908 2,127,185 1,956,622 Operating income (loss) 29,911 77,901 (445,533 ) 225,850 Other income 1,172 864 6,185 2,677 Interest expense (11,809 ) (14,310 ) (37,316 ) (43,026 ) Earnings (loss) before taxes on income 19,274 64,455 (476,664 ) 185,501 (Provision) benefit for taxes on income 8,419 (16,305 ) 182,657 (45,454 ) Net earnings (loss) 27,693 48,150 (294,007 ) 140,047 Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests (204 ) (163 ) (743 ) (477 ) Net earnings (loss) attributable to Kirby $ 27,489 $ 47,987 $ (294,750 ) $ 139,570 Net earnings (loss) per share attributable to Kirby common stockholders: Basic $ 0.46 $ 0.80 $ (4.92 ) $ 2.33 Diluted $ 0.46 $ 0.80 $ (4.92 ) $ 2.32 Common stock outstanding (in thousands): Basic 59,915 59,749 59,903 59,733 Diluted 59,931 59,906 59,903 59,879 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION Third Quarter Nine Months 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, $ in thousands) EBITDA: (1) Net earnings (loss) attributable to Kirby $ 27,489 $ 47,987 $ (294,750 ) $ 139,570 Interest expense 11,809 14,310 37,316 43,026 Provision (benefit) for taxes on income (8,419 ) 16,305 (182,657 ) 45,454 Impairment of long-lived assets ?€? ?€? 165,304 ?€? Impairment of goodwill ?€? ?€? 387,970 ?€? Depreciation and amortization 54,779 54,455 165,067 164,771 $ 85,658 $ 133,057 $ 278,250 $ 392,821 Capital expenditures $ 36,541 $ 56,800 $ 129,371 $ 184,068 Acquisitions of businesses and marine equipment $ 6,525 $ 4,700 $ 348,772 $ 257,540 September 30, 2020 December 31, 2019 (unaudited, $ in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents $ 119,586 $ 24,737 Long-term debt, including current portion $ 1,578,344 $ 1,369,767 Total equity $ 3,078,367 $ 3,371,592 Debt to capitalization ratio 33.9 % 28.9 % MARINE TRANSPORTATION STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS Third Quarter Nine Months 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, $ in thousands) Marine transportation revenues $ 320,602 $ 412,665 $ 1,104,846 $ 1,185,072 Costs and expenses: Costs of sales and operating expenses 207,038 257,869 717,923 771,596 Selling, general and administrative 26,554 28,424 85,294 90,896 Taxes, other than on income 7,307 9,230 27,852 26,355 Depreciation and amortization 47,312 44,445 139,295 134,861 Total costs and expenses 288,211 339,968 970,364 1,023,708 Operating income $ 32,391 $ 72,697 $ 134,482 $ 161,364 Operating margin 10.1 % 17.6 % 12.2 % 13.6 % DISTRIBUTION AND SERVICES STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS Third Quarter Nine Months 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, $ in thousands) Distribution and services revenues $ 175,965 $ 254,144 $ 576,806 $ 997,400 Costs and expenses: Costs of sales and operating expenses 133,726 200,645 449,948 787,068 Selling, general and administrative 33,098 33,608 108,295 108,194 Taxes, other than on income 1,754 1,674 5,636 5,102 Depreciation and amortization 6,283 9,085 22,252 27,167 Total costs and expenses 174,861 245,012 586,131 927,531 Operating income (loss) $ 1,104 $ 9,132 $ (9,325 ) $ 69,869 Operating margin 0.6 % 3.6 % (1.6 )% 7.0 % OTHER COSTS AND EXPENSES Third Quarter Nine Months 2020 2019 2020 2019 (unaudited, $ in thousands) General corporate expenses $ 3,268 $ 3,554 $ 9,403 $ 10,284 Impairment of long-lived assets $ ?€? $ ?€? $ 165,304 $ ?€? Impairment of goodwill $ ?€? $ ?€? $ 387,970 $ ?€? Inventory write-downs $ ?€? $ ?€? $ 8,000 $ ?€? (Gain) loss on disposition of assets $ 316 $ 374 $ 13 $ (4,901 ) ONE TIME CHARGES AND BENEFITS The 2020 first nine months GAAP results include certain one-time charges. The following is a reconciliation of GAAP earnings to non-GAAP earnings, excluding the one-time items for earnings before tax (pre-tax), net earnings attributable to Kirby (after-tax), and diluted earnings per share (per share): First Nine Months 2020 Pre-Tax After-Tax Per Share (unaudited, $ in millions except per share amounts) GAAP loss $ (476.7 ) $ (294.8 ) $ (4.92 ) Impairments and other charges 561.3 433.3 7.24 Income tax benefit on 2018 and 2019 net operating loss carrybacks ?€? (50.8 ) (0.85 ) Earnings, excluding one-time items (2) $ 84.6 $ 87.7 $ 1.47 RECONCILIATION OF FREE CASH FLOW The following is a reconciliation of GAAP net cash provided by operating activities to non-GAAP free cash flow (2) : Third Quarter Nine Months 2020 2019 (3) 2020 2019 (3) (unaudited, $ in millions) Net cash provided by operating activities $ 117.7 $ 199.4 $ 359.8 $ 387.6 Less: Capital expenditures (36.6 ) (56.8 ) (129.4 ) (184.1 ) Free cash flow (2) $ 81.1 $ 142.6 $ 230.4 $ 203.5 FY 2020 Projection FY 2019 (3) Low High Actual (unaudited, $ in millions) Net cash provided by operating activities $ 450.0 $ 500.0 $ 511.8 Less: Capital expenditures (150.0 ) (150.0 ) (248.2 ) Free cash flow (2) $ 300.0 $ 350.0 $ 263.6 MARINE TRANSPORTATION PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENTS Third Quarter Nine Months 2020 2019 2020 2019 Inland Performance Measurements: Ton Miles (in millions) (4) 2,794 3,958 10,101 10,811 Revenue/Ton Mile (cents/tm) (5) 8.9 8.0 8.6 8.4 Towboats operated (average) (6) 265 304 300 299 Delay Days (7) 1,335 2,284 8,640 10,228 Average cost per gallon of fuel consumed $ 1.27 $ 2.00 $ 1.47 $ 2.06 Barges (active): Inland tank barges 1,084 1,065 Coastal tank barges 47 49 Offshore dry-cargo barges 4 4 Barrel capacities (in millions): Inland tank barges 24.5 23.7 Coastal tank barges 4.3 4.7 (1) Kirby has historically evaluated its operating performance using numerous measures, one of which is EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure. Kirby defines EBITDA as net earnings attributable to Kirby before interest expense, taxes on income, depreciation and amortization, impairment of long-lived assets, and impairment of goodwill. EBITDA is presented because of its wide acceptance as a financial indicator. EBITDA is one of the performance measures used in Kirby?€?s incentive bonus plan. EBITDA is also used by rating agencies in determining Kirby?€?s credit rating and by analysts publishing research reports on Kirby, as well as by investors and investment bankers generally in valuing companies. EBITDA is not a calculation based on generally accepted accounting principles and should not be considered as an alternative to, but should only be considered in conjunction with, Kirby?€?s GAAP financial information. (2) Kirby uses certain non-GAAP financial measures to review performance excluding certain one-time items including: earnings before taxes on income, excluding one-time items; net earnings attributable to Kirby, excluding one-time items; and diluted earnings per share, excluding one-time items. Management believes that the exclusion of certain one-time items from these financial measures enables it and investors to assess and understand operating performance, especially when comparing those results with previous and subsequent periods or forecasting performance for future periods, primarily because management views the excluded items to be outside of the company?€?s normal operating results. Kirby also uses free cash flow, which is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures, to assess and forecast cash flow and to provide additional disclosures on the Company?€?s liquidity as a result of uncertainty surrounding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on global and regional market conditions. Free cash flow does not imply the amount of residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures as it excludes mandatory debt service requirements and other non-discretionary expenditures. These non-GAAP financial measures are not calculations based on generally accepted accounting principles and should not be considered as an alternative to, but should only be considered in conjunction with Kirby?€?s GAAP financial information. (3) See Kirby?€?s 2019 10-K and 2019 third quarter 10-Q for amounts provided by (used in) investing and financing activities. (4) Ton miles indicate fleet productivity by measuring the distance (in miles) a loaded tank barge is moved. Example: A typical 30,000 barrel tank barge loaded with 3,300 tons of liquid cargo is moved 100 miles, thus generating 330,000 ton miles. (5) Inland marine transportation revenues divided by ton miles. Example: Third quarter 2020 inland marine transportation revenues of $247,647,000 divided by 2,794,000,000 inland marine transportation ton miles = 8.9 cents. (6) Towboats operated are the average number of owned and chartered towboats operated during the period. (7) Delay days measures the lost time incurred by a tow (towboat and one or more tank barges) during transit. The measure includes transit delays caused by weather, lock congestion and other navigational factors. Contact: Eric Holcomb 713-435-1545
KeyCorp's roots trace back 190 years to Albany, New York. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, Key is one of the nation's largest bank-based financial services companies, with assets of approximately??$170.5 billion at September 30, 2020. Key provides deposit, lending, cash management, and investment services to individuals and businesses in 15 states under the name KeyBank National Association through a network of over 1,000 branches and approximately 1,400 ATMs. Key also provides a broad range of sophisticated corporate and investment banking products, such as merger and acquisition advice, public and private debt and equity, syndications, and derivatives to middle market companies in selected industries throughout the United States under the KeyBanc Capital Markets trade name.
KeyCorp Depositary Shares Series E
KeyCorp Depositary Shares Series F
KeyCorp Dep Shs Repstg 140th Ownership Int Perp Non Cum Pfd Ser G
Keysight Technologies, Inc. is a leading technology company that helps enterprises, service providers and governments accelerate innovation to connect and secure the world. Keysight's solutions optimize networks and bring electronic products to market faster and at a lower cost with offerings from design simulation, to prototype validation, to manufacturing test, to optimization in networks and cloud environments. Customers span the worldwide communications ecosystem, aerospace and defense, automotive, energy, semiconductor and general electronics end markets. Keysight generated revenues of $4.2B in fiscal year 2020.
Kentucky First Federal Bancorp (Kentucky First) is a mid-tier holding company. Its wholly owned subsidiary is Frankfort First Bancorp, Inc. (Frankfort First Bancorp), and holds all of the capital stock of First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard (First Federal of Hazard) and First Federal Savings Bank of Frankfort, Frankfort, Kentucky (First Federal of Frankfort) (collectively, the Banks). First Federal of Hazard was formed as a federally chartered mutual savings and loan association. First Federal of Frankfort is a federally chartered savings bank, which is engaged in attracting deposits from the general public and originating primarily adjustable-rate loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied and nonowner-occupied one- to four-family residences in Franklin, Anderson, Scott, Shelby, Woodford and other counties in Kentucky. As of June 30, 2012, Kentucky First had deposits of $134.6 million and stockholders' equity of $58.9 million.
Kforce Inc.??is a domestic professional staffing services and solutions firm that specializes in the areas of Technology and Finance and Accounting. Each year, through our network of over 40 offices and centralized delivery centers, we provide opportunities for over 30,000 highly skilled professionals who work with over 3,000 clients, including a significant majority of the Fortune 500. At Kforce, our promise is to deliver great results through strategic partnership and knowledge sharing.
Kingsway is a holding company that owns or controls subsidiaries primarily in the extended warranty, asset management and real estate industries. The common shares of Kingsway are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol "KFS."
Korn Ferry is a global organizational consulting firm. We work with clients to design their organizational structures, roles, and responsibilities. We help them hire the right people and advise them on how to reward, develop and motivate their workforce. And, we help professionals navigate and advance their careers.
Kinross is a Canadian-based senior gold mining company with mines and projects in the United States, Brazil, Chile, Ghana, Mauritania, and Russia. Kinross maintains listings on the Toronto Stock Exchange (symbol:K) and the New York Stock Exchange.
Kingold Jewelry, Inc., centrally located in Wuhan City, one of China's largest cities, was founded in 2002 as a designer and manufacturer of gold jewelry, ornaments, and investment-oriented products. The Company sells both directly to retailers as well as through major distributors across China.
For 150 years, we have produced some of the world?€?s most beloved products at The Kraft Heinz Company. We are one of the largest global food and beverage companies, with 2019 net sales of approximately $25 billion. Our portfolio is a diverse mix of iconic and emerging brands. As the guardians of these brands and the creators of innovative new products, we are dedicated to the sustainable health of our people and our planet.
Founded in 2006, OrthoPediatrics is an orthopedic company focused exclusively on providing a comprehensive product offering to the pediatric orthopedic market to improve the lives of children with orthopedic conditions. OrthoPediatrics currently markets 26 surgical systems that serve three of the largest categories within the pediatric orthopedic market. This offering spans trauma & deformity, scoliosis, and sports medicine/other procedures. OrthoPediatrics?€? global sales organization is focused exclusively on pediatric orthopedics and distributes its products in the United States and 38 countries outside the United States.
Kimco Realty Corp. is a real estate investment trust (REIT) headquartered in Jericho, N.Y. that is one of North America?€?s largest publicly traded owners and operators of open-air, grocery-anchored shopping centers and mixed-use assets. As of September 30, 2020, the company owned interests in 400 U.S. shopping centers and mixed-use assets comprising 70 million square feet of gross leasable space primarily concentrated in the top major metropolitan markets. Publicly traded on the NYSE since 1991, and included in the S&P 500 Index, the company has specialized in shopping center acquisitions, development and management for more than 60 years.
Kimco Realty Corporation Class L Depositary Shares each of which represents a one-one thousandth fractional interest in a share of 5.125% Class L Cumulative Red
Kimco Realty Corporation Class M Depositary Shares each of which represents a one-one thousandth fractional interest in a share of 5.25% Class M Cumulative Rede
Kindred Biosciences is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative biologics focused on saving and improving the lives of pets. Its mission is to bring to pets the same kinds of safe and effective medicines that human family members enjoy. The Company's strategy is to identify targets that have already demonstrated safety and efficacy in humans and to develop therapeutics based on these validated targets for dogs and cats. KindredBio has a deep pipeline of novel biologics in development across many therapeutic classes, alongside state-of-the-art biologics manufacturing capabilities and a broad intellectual property portfolio.
Kingstone is a Northeast regional property and casualty insurance holding company whose principal operating subsidiary is Kingstone Insurance Company (?€?KICO?€?). KICO is a multi-line carrier writing business through retail and wholesale agents and brokers. KICO offers primarily personal lines insurance products, as well as Physical Damage Only coverage to taxi, limousine, and transportation network vehicle owners in New York State. Actively writing in New York, New Jersey, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, and Connecticut, Kingstone is also licensed in Pennsylvania, New Hampshire and Maine.
Kelso is a diverse product development company that specializes in the design, production and distribution of proprietary service equipment used in transportation applications. Our reputation has been earned as a designer and reliable supplier of unique high quality rail tank car valve equipment that provides for the safe handling and containment of hazardous and non-hazardous commodities during transport. All Kelso products are specifically designed to provide economic and operational advantages to customers while reducing the potential effects of human error and environmental harm. For a more complete business and financial profile of the Company, please view the Company's website at www.kelsotech.com and public documents posted under the Company?€?s profile on www.sedar.com in Canada and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov in the United States. On behalf of the Board of Directors, James R. Bond, CEO and President Notice to Reader: References to EBITDA refer to net earnings from continuing operations before interest, taxes, amortization, unrealized foreign exchange and non cash share-based expenses (Black Sholes option pricing model). EBITDA is not an earnings measure recognized by IFRS and does not have a standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS. Management believes that EBITDA is an alternative measure in evaluating the Company's business performance. Readers are cautioned that EBITDA should not be construed as an alternative to net income as determined under IFRS; nor as an indicator of financial performance as determined by IFRS; nor a calculation of cash flow from operating activities as determined under IFRS; nor as a measure of liquidity and cash flow under IFRS. The Company's method of calculating EBITDA may differ from methods used by other issuers and, accordingly, the Company's EBITDA may not be comparable to similar measures used by any other issuer.
Kirkland's, Inc. was founded in 1966 and is a specialty retailer of home d??cor in the United States. Although originally focused in the Southeast, the Company has grown beyond that region and currently operates 432 stores in 37 states as well as an e-Commerce enabled website, www.kirklands.com. The Company's stores present a broad selection of distinctive merchandise, including holiday d??cor, framed art, furniture, ornamental wall d??cor, fragrance and accessories, mirrors, lamps, decorative accessories, textiles, housewares, gifts, artificial floral products, frames, clocks and outdoor living items. The Company's stores offer an extensive assortment of holiday merchandise during seasonal periods as well as items carried throughout the year suitable for gift-giving.
KKR & Co. L.P. is a private equity and real estate investment firm specializing in direct and fund of fund investments. It specializes in acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, management buyouts, credit special situations, growth equity, mature, mezzanine, distressed, and middle market investments. The firm considers investments in all industries with a focus on technology and hardware, energy and infrastructure,  real estate, services industry with a focus on business services, intelligence, industry-leading franchises and companies in natural resource, containers and packaging, agriculture, airports, ports, forestry, electric utilities, textiles, apparel and luxury goods, household durables, digital media, insurance, brokerage houses, non-durable goods distribution, supermarket retailing, grocery stores, food, beverage, and tobacco,  hospitals, entertainment venues and production companies, publishing, printing services, capital goods, financial services, specialized finance, pipelines, and renewable energy. In energy and infrastructure, it focuses on the Upstream Oil and Gas and Equipment and Services verticals. In real estate, the firm seeks to invest in private and public real estate securities including property-level equity, debt and special situations transactions and businesses with significant real estate holdings, and oil and natural gas properties. The firm also invests in asset services sector that encompasses a broad array of B2B, B2C and B2G services verticals including asset-based, transport, logistics, leisure/hospitality, resource and utility support, infra-like, mission-critical, and environmental services. Within Americas, the firm prefers to invest in consumer products; chemicals, metals and mining; energy and natural resources; financial services; healthcare; industrials; media and communications; retail; and technology. Within Europe, the firm invests in consumer and retail; energy; financial services; health care; industrials and chemicals; media and digital; and telecom and technologies. Within Asia, it invests in consumer products; energy and resources; financial services; healthcare; industrials; logistics; media and telecom; retail; real estate; and technology. The firm seeks to invest in mid to high-end residential developments, but can invest in other projects throughout Mainland China through outright ownership, joint ventures, and merger. It invests globally with a focus on Australia, emerging and developed Asia, Middle East and Africa, Nordic, Southeast Asia, Asia Pacific, Ireland, Hong Kong, Japan, Taiwan, India, Vietnam, Indonesia, France, Germany, Netherlands, United Kingdom, Caribbean, Mexico, South America, North America, Brazil, Latin America, Korea, and United States of America. In the United States and Europe, the firm focuses on buyouts of large, publicly traded companies. It seeks to invest $30 million to $717 million in companies with enterprise values between $597 million to $2389 million. The firm prefers to invest in a range of debt and public equity investing and may co-invest. It seeks a board seat in its portfolio companies and a controlling ownership of a company or a strategic minority positions. The firm may acquire minority equity interests, particularly when making private equity investments in Asia or sponsoring investments as part of a large investor consortium. The firm typically holds its investment for a period of five to seven years and more and exits through initial public offerings, secondary offerings, and sales to strategic buyers. KKR & Co. L.P. was founded in 1976 and is based in New York, New York with additional offices across North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia.
KKR & Co. L.P. 6.75% Series A Preferred Units
KKR & Co. L.P. 6.50% Series B Preferred Unit

Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd. is a growing gold producer operating in Canada and Australia that produced 974,615 ounces in 2019. The production profile of the Company is anchored by three high-quality operations, including the Macassa Mine and Detour Lake Mine, both located in Northern Ontario, and the Fosterville Mine located in the state of Victoria, Australia. Kirkland Lake Gold?€?s solid base of quality assets is complemented by district scale exploration potential, supported by a strong financial position with extensive management expertise. For further information on Kirkland Lake Gold and to receive news releases by email, visit the website at www.kl.gold.
KLA??develops industry-leading equipment and services that enable innovation throughout the electronics industry. We provide advanced process control and process-enabling solutions for manufacturing wafers and reticles, integrated circuits, packaging, printed circuit boards and flat panel displays. In close collaboration with leading customers across the globe, our expert teams of physicists, engineers, data scientists and problem-solvers design solutions that move the world forward.
Kaleido Biosciences Inc - Ordinary Shares
Kulicke & Soffa?? is a leading provider of semiconductor and electronic assembly solutions serving the global automotive, consumer, communications, computing and industrial markets. Founded in 1951, K&S prides itself on establishing foundations for technological advancement - creating pioneering interconnect solutions that enable performance improvements, power efficiency, form-factor reductions and assembly excellence of current and next-generation semiconductor devices. Leveraging decades of development proficiency and extensive process technology expertise, Kulicke & Soffa's expanding portfolio provides equipment solutions, aftermarket products and services supporting a comprehensive set of interconnect technologies including wire bonding, advanced packaging, lithography, and electronics assembly. Dedicated to empowering technological discovery, always, K&S collaborates with customers and technology partners to push the boundaries of possibility, enabling a smarter future (kns.com). Caution Concerning Results and Forward Looking Statements In addition to historical statements, this press release contains statements relating to future events and our future results. These statements are "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Kaleyra is a global group specializing in providing mobile messaging services for financial institutions and multiple other types of enterprises of all sizes. Through its proprietary platform, Kaleyra manages multi-channel integrated communication services on a global scale, comprising messages, push notifications, e-mail, instant messaging, voice services and virtual assistants. Kaleyra's technology today makes it possible to manage huge volumes of messages, with some 2 billion notifications a month.
GigCapital Inc. Warrants each whole Warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Kimberly-Clark Corporation (Kimberly Clark) is a global company focused on the world in essentials for a better life through product innovation and building its personal care, consumer tissue, K C professional and health care brands. The Company is principally engaged in the manufacturing and marketing of a wide ranges of products made from natural or synthetic fibers using advanced technologies in fibers, nonwovens and absorbency. Its operating segments include Personal Care , Consumer Tissue K C Professional and HealthCare. The Company operates and markets its products globally in Asia, Latin America, Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, with a particular emphasis in China, Russia and Latin America. In April 2013, it announced the acquisition of the anesthesia business of Life-Tech, Inc.
Kamada Ltd. is an Israel-based biopharmaceutical company, which develops, produces and markets therapeutics, based on chromatographic purification technology. It offers bio-therapeutics for human use, such as specialty proteins, specific immunoglobulins, and other prescription medicines. The Company's product line includes intravenous AAT for chronic replacement therapy in individuals with congenital alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency; KamRAB for prophylaxis of rabies infection; KamRho-D IM for prophylaxis of Rh hemolytic disease of the newborn; KamRho-D IV for treatment of immune thrombocytopenic purpura; and IVIG, a replacement therapy in primary and secondary immune therapy. Its product line also comprises Protosol to reduce blood loss in patients undergoing cardiac surgery; Heparin sodium injection for coagulation inhibition and prophylaxis of thromboembolic diseases and Heparin Lock Flush to maintain potency of intravenous injection device among other.
Kinder Morgan, Inc. is one of the largest energy infrastructure companies in North America. Access to reliable, affordable energy is a critical component for improving lives around the world. We are committed to providing energy transportation and storage services in a safe, efficient, and environmentally responsible manner for the benefit of people, communities and businesses we serve. We own an interest in or operate approximately 83,000 miles of pipelines and 147 terminals. Our pipelines transport natural gas, refined petroleum products, crude oil, condensate, CO2 and other products, and our terminals store and handle various commodities including gasoline, diesel fuel chemicals, ethanol, metals and petroleum coke.
Kemper Corporation is one of the nation?€?s leading specialized insurers. With nearly $13.5 billion in assets, Kemper is improving the world of insurance by providing affordable and easy-to-use personalized solutions to individuals, families and businesses through its Auto, Personal Insurance, Life and Health brands. Kemper serves over 6.4 million policies, is represented by more than 30,000 agents and brokers, and has over 9,300 associates dedicated to meeting the ever-changing needs of its customers. Learn more about Kemper.
With over 80 years as an industrial technology leader, Kennametal Inc. delivers productivity to customers through materials science, tooling and wear-resistant solutions. Customers across aerospace, earthworks, energy, general engineering and transportation turn to Kennametal to help them manufacture with precision and efficiency. Every day approximately 9,000 employees are helping customers in more than 60 countries stay competitive. Kennametal generated nearly $1.9 billion in revenues in fiscal 2020.
CarMax, the nation?€?s largest retailer of used cars, revolutionized the automotive retail industry by driving integrity, honesty and transparency in every interaction. The company offers a truly personalized experience with the option for customers to do as much, or as little, online and in-store as they want. CarMax also provides a variety of vehicle delivery methods, including home delivery, contactless curbside pickup and appointments in its stores. During the fiscal year ending February 29, 2020, CarMax sold more than 830,000 used cars and more than 465,000 wholesale vehicles at its in-store auctions. CarMax has 220 stores, over 25,000 Associates, and is proud to have been recognized for 16 consecutive years as one of the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For??.
Knowles Corporation is a market leader and global provider of advanced micro-acoustic, audio processing, and precision device solutions, serving the mobile consumer electronics, communications, medtech, defense, automotive, and industrial markets. Knowles uses its leading position in MEMS (micro-electro-mechanical systems) microphones and strong capabilities in audio processing technologies to optimize audio systems and improve the user experience in mobile, ear, and IoT applications. Knowles is also the leader in acoustic components, high-end capacitors, and mmWave RF solutions for a diverse set of markets. Knowles?€? focus on the customer, combined with unique technology, proprietary manufacturing techniques, rigorous testing, and global scale, enables it to deliver innovative solutions that optimize the user experience. Founded in 1946 and headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, Knowles is a global organization with employees in over a dozen countries. The company continues to invest in high value solutions to diversify its revenue and increase exposure to high growth markets.
Kandi Technologies Group, Inc. (KNDI), headquartered in Jinhua Economic Development Zone, Zhejiang Province, is engaged in the research, development, manufacturing, and sales of various vehicular products. Kandi conducts its primary business operations through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Zhejiang Kandi Vehicles Co., Ltd. ("Kandi Vehicles") and its subsidiaries including Zhejiang Kandi Smart Battery Swap Technology Co., Ltd, SC Autosports, LLC (d/b/a Kandi America), the wholly-owned subsidiary of Kandi in the United States and Fengsheng Automobile Technology Group Co., Ltd (formerly known as Kandi Electric Vehicles Group Co., Ltd., the ?€?Affiliate Company?€?). Kandi Vehicles has established itself as one of China's leading manufacturers of pure electric vehicle parts and off-road vehicles. In 2013, Kandi Vehicles and Geely Group, China's leading automaker, jointly invested in the establishment of the Affiliate Company in order to develop, manufacture and sell pure electric vehicle ("EV") products. Geely Group (including its affiliate) and Kandi Vehicles currently hold 78% and 22% of the equity interests in the Affiliate Company, respectively. The Affiliate Company has established itself as one of the driving forces in the development and the manufacturing of pure EV products in China.
Knoll, Inc. is a constellation of design-driven brands and people, working together with our clients in person and digitally to create inspired modern interiors. Our internationally recognized portfolio includes furniture, textiles, leathers, accessories, and architectural and acoustical elements. Our brands ?€? Knoll Office, KnollStudio, KnollTextiles, KnollExtra, Spinneybeck | FilzFelt, Edelman Leather, HOLLY HUNT, DatesWeiser, Muuto, and Fully ?€? reflect our commitment to modern design that meets the diverse requirements of high performance workplaces, work from home settings and luxury residential interiors. A recipient of the National Design Award for Corporate and Institutional Achievement from the Smithsonian`s Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum, Knoll, Inc. is aligned with the U.S. Green Building Council and the Canadian Green Building Council and can help organizations achieve the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) workplace certification. Our products can also help clients comply with the International Living Future Institute to achieve Living Building Challenge Certification, and with the International WELL Building Institute to attain WELL Building Certification. Knoll, Inc. is the founding sponsor of the World Monuments Fund Modernism at Risk program. KNOLL, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Dollars in millions, except per share data) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net sales $ 309.4 $ 356.5 $ 923.5 $ 1,056.6 Cost of sales 196.0 216.1 592.1 651.7 Gross profit 113.4 140.4 331.4 404.9 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 90.8 103.6 291.2 304.9 Restructuring charges 3.3 0.1 19.5 0.2 Operating profit 19.3 36.7 20.7 99.8 Loss on extinguishment of debt 0.2 0.4 0.2 0.4 Pension settlement charges 1.3 9.8 2.8 10.4 Interest expense 4.1 5.5 13.6 16.2 Other expense (income), net (0.5 ) (2.5 ) (1.3 ) (4.1 ) Income before income tax expense 14.2 23.5 5.4 76.9 Income tax (benefit) expense 7.2 6.0 (2.9 ) 19.8 Net earnings $ 7.0 $ 17.5 $ 8.3 $ 57.1 Less: Net earnings attributable to preferred stockholders 1.4 ?€? 1.4 ?€? Net earnings attributable to Knoll, Inc. stockholders $ 5.6 $ 17.5 $ 6.9 $ 57.1 Earnings per share: Basic $ 0.11 $ 0.36 $ 0.14 $ 1.17 Diluted $ 0.11 $ 0.35 $ 0.14 $ 1.16 Weighted-average shares outstanding (in thousands): Basic 49,112 48,873 49,057 48,835 Diluted 49,441 49,574 49,485 49,360 KNOLL, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollars in millions) (Unaudited) September 30, 2020 December 31, 2019 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 14.5 $ 8.5 Customer receivables, net 91.7 107.4 Inventories, net 205.4 195.9 Prepaid and other current assets 44.9 28.8 Total current assets 356.5 340.6 Property, plant, and equipment, net 227.6 239.0 Goodwill and intangible assets, net 686.9 680.3 Right-of-use lease assets 116.2 94.4 Other non-current assets 2.4 3.6 Total assets $ 1,389.6 $ 1,357.9 LIABILI TIES, CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt $ 14.5 $ 17.1 Accounts payable 91.2 131.9 Current portion of lease liability 26.8 20.7 Other current liabilities 124.6 120.3 Total current liabilities 257.1 290.0 Long-term debt 294.0 428.9 Lease liability 107.7 87.0 Other non-current liabilities 139.9 124.4 Total liabilities 798.7 930.3 Convertible preferred stock 163.1 ?€? Total equity 427.8 427.6 Total liabilities, convertible preferred stock and shareholders' equity $ 1,389.6 $ 1,357.9 KNOLL, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Dollars in millions) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 Net earnings $ 8.3 $ 57.1 Cash provided by operating activities 19.4 98.1 Cash (used in) investing activities (15.5 ) (63.3 ) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1.9 (28.0 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 0.2 (0.1 ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents 6.0 6.7 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 8.5 1.6 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 14.5 $ 8.3
KNOT Offshore Partners owns operates and acquires shuttle tankers under long-term charters in the offshore oil production regions of the North Sea and Brazil. KNOT Offshore Partners owns and operates a fleet of sixteen offshore shuttle tankers with an average age of 7.2 years. KNOT Offshore Partners is structured as a publicly traded master limited partnership. KNOT Offshore Partners?€? common units trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ?€?KNOP.?€? The Partnership plans to host a conference call on Thursday, November 19, 2020 at 11 AM (Eastern Time) to discuss the results for the third quarter of 2020, and invites all unitholders and interested parties to listen to the live conference call by choosing from the following options: By dialing 1-855-209-8259 from the US, dialing 1-855-669-9657 from Canada or 1-412-542-4105 if outside North America (please ask to be joined into the KNOT Offshore Partners LP call). By accessing the webcast, which will be available for the next seven days on the Partnership?€?s website: www.knotoffshorepartners.com. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (U.S. Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2020 June 30, 2020 September 30, 2019 September 30, 2020 September 30, 2019 Time charter and bareboat revenues $ 71,241 $ 70,250 $ 70,983 $ 208,717 $ 212,439 Other income (1) 39 9 26 646 41 Total revenues 71,280 70,259 71,009 209,363 212,480 Vessel operating expenses 16,694 13,112 14,971 45,440 44,728 Depreciation 22,453 22,451 22,430 67,277 67,290 General and administrative expenses 1,258 1,337 1,190 3,982 3,752 Total operating expenses 40,405 36,900 38,591 116,699 115,770 Operating income 30,875 33,359 32,418 92,664 96,710 Finance income (expense): Interest income ?€? 3 225 121 696 Interest expense (6,558) (8,512) (12,459) (25,532) (39,302) Other finance expense (195) (199) (258) (502) (662) Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments (2) 858 (3,092) (5,749) (25,924) (21,996) Net gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions 97 127 (29) (200) (247) Total finance expense (5,798) (11,673) (18,270) (52,037) (61,511) Income (loss) before income taxes 25,077 21,686 14,148 40,627 35,199 Income tax benefit (expense) (1) (3) ?€? (7) (6) Net income (loss) 25,076 21,683 14,148 40,620 35,193 Weighted average units outstanding (in thousands of units): Common units 32,694 32,694 32,694 32,694 32,694 General Partner units 615 615 615 615 615 (1) Other income for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 is mainly related to cargo carried from Brazil to Europe on the drydocking voyage for the Raquel Knutsen scheduled drydocking. As a result, the Partnership received $0.6 million for this extra voyage and the additional revenue has been classified as other income. (2) Realized gains (losses) on derivative instruments relate to amounts the Partnership actually received (paid) to settle derivative instruments, and the unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments related to changes in the fair value of such derivative instruments, as detailed in the table below: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (U.S. Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2020 June 30, 2020 September 30, 2019 September 30, 2020 September 30, 2019 Realized gain (loss): Interest rate swap contracts $ (1,521) $ (191) $ 969 $ (1,509) $ 3,215 Foreign exchange forward contracts ?€? (109) (206) (109) (1,652) Total realized gain (loss): (1,521) (300) 763 (1,618) 1,563 Unrealized gain (loss): Interest rate swap contracts 2,379 (3,457) (5,560) (24,059) (24,178) Foreign exchange forward contracts ?€? 665 (952) (247) 619 Total unrealized gain (loss): 2,379 (2,792) (6,512) (24,306) (23,559) Total realized and unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments: $ 858 $ (3,092) $ (5,749) $ (25,924) $ (21,996) UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (U.S. Dollars in thousands) At September 30, 2020 At December 31, 2019 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 50,293 $ 43,525 Amounts due from related parties 1,938 2,687 Inventories 2,066 2,292 Derivative assets ?€? 920 Other current assets 4,457 3,386 Total current assets 58,754 52,810 Long-term assets: Vessels, net of accumulated depreciation 1,613,264 1,677,488 Right-of-use assets 1,373 1,799 Intangible assets, net 832 1,286 Derivative assets ?€? 648 Accrued income 3,146 3,976 Total Long-term assets 1,618,615 1,685,197 Total assets $ 1,677,369 $ 1,738,007 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable $ 3,004 $ 2,730 Accrued expenses 4,181 6,617 Current portion of long-term debt 108,557 83,453 Current lease liabilities 592 572 Current portion of derivative liabilities 7,451 910 Income taxes payable 9 98 Current portion of contract liabilities 1,518 1,518 Prepaid charter 5,264 6,892 Amount due to related parties 1,673 1,212 Total current liabilities 132,249 104,002 Long-term liabilities: Long-term debt 827,353 911,943 Lease liabilities 780 1,227 Derivative liabilities 21,328 5,133 Contract liabilities 2,548 3,685 Deferred tax liabilities 333 357 Total long-term liabilities 852,342 922,345 Total liabilities 984,591 1,026,347 Commitments and contingencies Series A Convertible Preferred Units 89,264 89,264 Equity: Partners?€? capital: Common unitholders 592,708 611,241 General partner interest 10,806 11,155 Total partners?€? capital 603,514 622,396 Total liabilities and equity $ 1,677,369 $ 1,738,007 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS?€? CAPITAL Partners' Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Partners' Capital Series A Convertible Preferred Units (U.S. Dollars in thousands) Common Units General Partner Units Three Months Ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 Consolidated balance at June 30, 2019 $ 612,965 $ 11,187 $ ?€? $ 624,152 $ 89,264 Net income 12,120 228 ?€? 12,348 1,800 Other comprehensive income ?€? ?€? ?€? ?€? ?€? Cash distributions (17,701) (333) ?€? (18,034) (1,800) Consolidated balance at September 30, 2019 $ 607,384 $ 11,082 $ ?€? $ 618,466 $ 89,264 Consolidated balance at June 30, 2020 $ 587,562 $ 10,710 $ ?€? $ 598,272 $ 89,264 Net income 22,847 429 ?€? 23,276 1,800 Other comprehensive income ?€? ?€? ?€? ?€? ?€? Cash distributions (17,701) (333) ?€? (18,034) (1,800) Consolidated balance at September 30, 2020 $ 592,708 $ 10,806 $ ?€? $ 603,514 $ 89,264 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 Consolidated balance at December 31, 2018 $ 631,244 $ 11,531 $ ?€? $ 642,775 $ 89,264 Net income 29,243 550 ?€? 29,793 5,400 Other comprehensive income ?€? ?€? ?€? ?€? ?€? Cash distributions (53,103) (999) ?€? (54,102) (5,400) Consolidated balance at September 30, 2019 $ 607,384 11,082 ?€? 618,466 89,264 Consolidated balance at December 31, 2019 $ 611,241 $ 11,155 $ ?€? $ 622,396 $ 89,264 Net income 34,570 650 ?€? 35,220 5,400 Other comprehensive income ?€? ?€? ?€? ?€? ?€? Cash distributions (53,103) (999) ?€? (54,102) (5,400) Consolidated balance at September 30, 2020 $ 592,708 $ 10,806 $ ?€? $ 603,514 $ 89,264 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS Nine Months Ended September 30, (U.S. Dollars in thousands) 2020 2019 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) $ 40,620 $ 35,193 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 67,277 67,290 Amortization of contract intangibles / liabilities (684) (684) Amortization of deferred debt issuance cost 1,886 1,970 Drydocking expenditure (2,710) 77 Income tax expense 7 6 Income taxes paid (88) (132) Unrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments 24,306 23,559 Unrealized (gain) loss on foreign currency transactions (216) 63 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Decrease (increase) in amounts due from related parties 749 (1,209) Decrease (increase) in inventories 226 170 Decrease (increase) in other current assets (1,086) (1,231) Decrease (increase) in accrued revenue 829 (368) Increase (decrease) in trade accounts payable 322 (2,070) Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses (2,436) 407 Increase (decrease) prepaid charter (1,628) (367) Increase (decrease) in amounts due to related parties 461 69 Net cash provided by operating activities 127,835 122,743 INVESTING ACTIVITIES Disposals (additions) to vessel and equipment (342) ?€? Net cash (used in) investing activities (342) ?€? FINANCING ACTIVITIES Repayment of long-term debt (61,359) (60,048) Payment of debt issuance cost (13) 21 Cash distributions (59,502) (59,502) Net cash (used in) financing activities (120,874) (119,529) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 149 (79) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 6,768 3,135 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 43,525 41,712 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period $ 50,293 $ 44,847 APPENDIX A?€?RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES Distributable Cash Flow (?€?DCF?€?) Distributable cash flow represents net income adjusted for depreciation, unrealized gains and losses from derivatives, unrealized foreign exchange gains and losses, distributions on the Series A Convertible Preferred Units, other non-cash items and estimated maintenance and replacement capital expenditures. Estimated maintenance and replacement capital expenditures, including estimated expenditures for drydocking, represent capital expenditures required to maintain over the long-term the operating capacity of, or the revenue generated by, the Partnership?€?s capital assets. The Partnership believes distributable cash flow is an important measure of operating performance used by management and investors in publicly-traded partnerships to compare cash generating performance of the Partnership from period to period and to compare the cash generating performance for specific periods to the cash distributions (if any) that are expected to be paid to the common unitholders, the Partnership?€?s general partner and the holder of the incentive distribution rights. Distributable cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be considered as an alternative to net income or any other indicator of KNOT Offshore Partners?€? performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. The table below reconciles distributable cash flow to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. (U.S. Dollars in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2020 (unaudited) Three Months Ended June 30, 2020 (unaudited) Net income (loss) $ 25,076 $ 21,683 Add: Depreciation 22,453 22,451 Other non-cash items; amortization of deferred debt issuance cost 624 626 Other non-cash items; accrued revenue 278 276 Unrealized losses from interest rate derivatives and foreign exchange currency contracts ?€? 2,792 Less: Estimated maintenance and replacement capital expenditures (including drydocking reserve) (15,102) (15,102) Distribution to Series A Preferred Units (1,800) (1,800) Other non-cash items; deferred revenue (228) (228) Unrealized gains from interest rate derivatives and foreign exchange currency contracts (2,379) ?€? Distributable cash flow $ 28,922 $ 30,698 Distributions declared $ 18,034 $ 18,034 Distribution coverage ratio (1) 1.60 1.70 (1) Distribution coverage ratio is equal to distributable cash flow divided by distributions declared for the period presented. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, depreciation and taxes. Adjusted EBITDA refers to earnings before interest, depreciation, taxes and other financial items (including other finance expenses, realized and unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments and net gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions). EBITDA is used as a supplemental financial measure by management and external users of financial statements, such as the Partnership?€?s lenders, to assess its financial and operating performance and compliance with the financial covenants and restrictions contained in its financing agreements. Adjusted EBITDA is used as a supplemental financial measure by management and external users of financial statements, such as investors, to assess the Partnership?€?s financial and operating performance. The Partnership believes that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA assist its management and investors by increasing the comparability of its performance from period to period and against the performance of other companies in its industry that provide EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA information. This increased comparability is achieved by excluding the potentially disparate effects between periods or companies of interest, other financial items, taxes and depreciation, as applicable, which items are affected by various and possibly changing financing methods, capital structure and historical cost basis and which items may significantly affect net income between periods. The Partnership believes that including EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as financial measures benefits investors in (a) selecting between investing in the Partnership and other investment alternatives and (b) monitoring the Partnership?€?s ongoing financial and operational strength in assessing whether to continue to hold common units. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures and should not be considered as alternatives to net income or any other indicator of Partnership performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. The table below reconciles EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Three Months Ended, Nine Months Ended, (U.S. Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2020 (unaudited) September 30, 2019 (unaudited) September 30, 2020 (unaudited) September 30, 2019 (unaudited) Net income (loss) $ 25,076 $ 14,148 $ 40,620 $ 35,193 Interest income ?€? (225) (121) (696) Interest expense 6,558 12,459 25,532 39,302 Depreciation 22,453 22,430 67,277 67,290 Income tax expense 1 ?€? 7 6 EBITDA 54,088 48,812 133,315 141,095 Other financial items (a) (760) 6,036 26,626 22,905 Adjusted EBITDA $ 53,328 $ 54,848 $ 159,941 $ 164,000 (a) Other financial items consist of other finance expense, realized and unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments and net gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions.
Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals Ltd
Kinsale Capital Group, Inc. is a specialty insurance group headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, focusing on the excess and surplus lines market. Contact Kinsale Capital Group, Inc. Bryan Petrucelli Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 804-289-1272 ir@kinsalecapitalgroup.com
Knight Transportation, Inc. (Knight) is a provider of multiple truckload transportation services, which generally involve the movement of full trailer or container loads of freight from origin to destination for a single customer. The Company is a provider of multiple truckload transportation services with a nationwide network of service centers through which it operates one of the tractor fleets. In addition to its own fleet, the Company also partners with third-party equipment providers to provide truckload capacity and a broad range of solutions to truckload shippers. The Company has five operating segments comprised of three asset-based operating segments: dry van truckload, temperature-controlled truckload and port services and two non-asset-based operating segments brokerage and intermodal services.
The Coca-Cola Company is a total beverage company with products sold in more than 200 countries and territories. Our company?€?s purpose is to refresh the world and make a difference. Our portfolio of brands includes Coca-Cola, Sprite, Fanta and other sparkling soft drinks. Our hydration, sports, coffee and tea brands include Dasani, smartwater, vitaminwater, Topo Chico, Powerade, Costa, Georgia, Gold Peak, Honest and Ayataka. Our nutrition, juice, dairy and plant-based beverage brands include Minute Maid, Simply, innocent, Del Valle, fairlife and AdeS. We?€?re constantly transforming our portfolio, from reducing sugar in our drinks to bringing innovative new products to market. We seek to positively impact people?€?s lives, communities and the planet through water replenishment, packaging recycling, sustainable sourcing practices and carbon emissions reductions across our value chain. Together with our bottling partners, we employ more than 700,000 people, helping bring economic opportunity to local communities worldwide.
Kodiak is a biopharmaceutical company committed to researching, developing and commercializing transformative therapeutics to treat high prevalence retinal diseases. Founded in 2009, we are focused on bringing new science to the design and manufacture of next generation retinal medicines to prevent and treat the leading causes of blindness globally. Kodiak's lead product candidate, KSI-301, is a novel anti-VEGF antibody biopolymer conjugate being developed for the treatment of retinal vascular diseases including age-related macular degeneration, a leading cause of blindness in elderly patients, and diabetic eye diseases, a leading cause of blindness in working-age patients. Kodiak??, Kodiak Sciences??, ABC???, ABC Platform??? and the Kodiak logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of Kodiak Sciences Inc. in various global jurisdictions. SOURCE Kodiak Sciences Inc. Related Links http://www.kodiak.com
Kodak is a global technology company focused on print and advanced materials & chemicals. We provide industry-leading hardware, software, consumables and services primarily to customers in commercial print, packaging, publishing, manufacturing and entertainment. We are committed to environmental stewardship and ongoing leadership in developing sustainable solutions. Our broad portfolio of superior products, responsive support and world-class R&D make Kodak solutions a smart investment for customers looking to improve their profitability and drive growth.
Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V., a franchise bottler, produces, markets, sells, and distributes Coca-Cola trademark beverages. It offers sparkling beverages, such as colas and flavored sparkling beverages; and waters and still beverages, including juice drinks, coffee, teas, milk, value-added dairy, and isotonic drinks. The company also distributes and sells the Kaiser beers. It markets and sells its products through distribution centers and retailers in Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Brazil, and Argentina. The company was founded in 1979 and is based in M??xico, Mexico. Coca Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. is a subsidiary of Fomento Economico Mexicano, S.A.B. de C.V.
Koppers, with corporate headquarters in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is an integrated global provider of treated wood products, wood treatment chemicals and carbon compounds. Our products and services are used in a variety of niche applications in a diverse range of end-markets, including the railroad, specialty chemical, utility, residential lumber, agriculture, aluminum, steel, rubber, and construction industries. We serve our customers through a comprehensive global manufacturing and distribution network, with facilities located in North America, South America, Australasia and Europe. The stock of Koppers Holdings Inc. is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "KOP.
Kopin Corporation is a leading developer and provider of innovative display and optical technologies sold as critical components and subassemblies for military, industrial and consumer products. Kopin's technology portfolio includes ultra-small Active Matrix Liquid Crystal displays (AMLCD), Liquid Crystal on Silicon (LCOS) displays and Organic Light Emitting Diode (OLED) displays, a variety of optics, and low-power ASICs.
No Description Available
Kosmos is a full-cycle deepwater independent oil and gas exploration and production company focused along the Atlantic Margins. Our key assets include production offshore Ghana, Equatorial Guinea and U.S. Gulf of Mexico, as well as a world-class gas development offshore Mauritania and Senegal. Kosmos is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and London Stock Exchange and is traded under the ticker symbol KOS. As an ethical and transparent company, Kosmos is committed to doing things the right way. The Company?€?s Business Principles articulate our commitment to transparency, ethics, human rights, safety and the environment. Read more about this commitment in our Corporate Responsibility Report.
Koss Corporation designs, manufactures and sells stereo headphones and related accessories. The Company operates in the audio/video industry segment of the home entertainment industry through its design, manufacture and sale of stereo headphones and related accessory products. The Company's products are sold through national retailers, international distributors, audio specialty stores, the Internet, direct mail catalogs, regional department store chains, discount department stores, grocery stores, electronics retailers, military exchanges and prisons under the Koss name. The Company also sells products to distributors for resale to school systems, and directly to other manufacturers for inclusion with their own products. The Company has more than 300 domestic dealers and its products are carried in approximately 17,000 domestic retail outlets and numerous retailers worldwide.
Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc. is a commercial-stage pharmaceutical company pioneering novel cancer therapies and dedicated to the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel first-in-class drugs directed against nuclear export and related targets for the treatment of cancer and other major diseases. Karyopharm's Selective Inhibitor of Nuclear Export (SINE) compounds function by binding with and inhibiting the nuclear export protein XPO1 (or CRM1). Karyopharm's lead compound, XPOVIO?? (selinexor), received accelerated approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in July 2019 in combination with dexamethasone as a treatment for patients with heavily pretreated multiple myeloma. In June 2020, XPOVIO was approved by the FDA as a treatment for patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. A Marketing Authorization Application for selinexor for patients with heavily pretreated multiple myeloma is also currently under review by the European Medicines Agency. In addition to single-agent and combination activity against a variety of human cancers, SINE compounds have also shown biological activity in models of neurodegeneration, inflammation, autoimmune disease, certain viruses and wound-healing. Karyopharm has several investigational programs in clinical or preclinical development.
At The Kroger Co., we are Fresh for Everyone??? and dedicated to our Purpose: To Feed the Human Spirit??. We are, across our family of companies, nearly half a million associates who serve over 11 million customers daily through a seamless shopping experience under a variety of banner names. We are committed to creating #ZeroHungerZeroWaste communities by 2025.
Kraton Corporation is a leading global sustainable producer of specialty polymers and high-value biobased products derived from pine wood pulping co-products. Kraton's polymers are used in a wide range of applications including adhesives, coatings, consumer and personal care products, sealants, lubricants, medical, packaging, automotive, paving and roofing applications. As the largest global provider in the pine chemicals industry, the company's pine-based specialty products are sold into adhesives, roads and construction and tire markets, and it produces and sells a broad range of performance chemicals into markets that include fuel additives, oilfield chemicals, coatings, metalworking fluids, lubricants, inks, flavors and fragrances and mining. Kraton offers its products to a diverse customer base in numerous countries worldwide. Kraton, the??Kraton??logo, and Ellamera are all trademarks or registered trademarks of??Kraton Corporation, or its subsidiaries or affiliates, in one or more, but not all countries.
Kiromic BioPharma Inc
Kilroy Realty Corporation (NYSE: KRC, the ?€?company?€?, ?€?KRC?€?) is a leading West Coast landlord and developer, with a major presence in San Diego, Greater Los Angeles, the San Francisco Bay Area, and the Pacific Northwest. The company has earned global recognition for sustainability, building operations, innovation and design. As pioneers and innovators in the creation of a more sustainable real estate industry, the company?€?s approach to modern business environments helps drive creativity, productivity and employee retention for some of the world?€?s leading technology, entertainment, life science and business services companies. KRC is a publicly traded real estate investment trust (?€?REIT?€?) and member of the S&P MidCap 400 Index with more than seven decades of experience developing, acquiring and managing office and mixed-use projects. As of June 30, 2020, KRC?€?s stabilized portfolio totaled approximately 14.3 million square feet of primarily office and life science space that was 92.3% occupied and 96.0% leased. The company also had 200 residential units in Hollywood that had a quarterly average occupancy of 85.0% and another 462 residential units in San Diego that were in lease-up. In addition, KRC had eight in-process development projects with an estimated total investment of $2.0 billion, totaling approximately 2.3 million square feet of office and life science space, and 339 residential units. The office and life science space was 90% leased. A Leader in Sustainability and Commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility KRC is listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index and has been recognized by industry organizations around the world. KRC?€?s stabilized portfolio was 66% LEED certified and 43% Fitwel certified as of June 30, 2020. The company has been recognized by GRESB, the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark, as the sustainability leader in the Americas for six consecutive years. Other honors have included the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trust?€?s (NAREIT) Leader in the Light award for six consecutive years and ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year for seven years as well as ENERGY STAR?€?s highest honor of Sustained Excellence, for the past five years. A big part of the company?€?s foundation is its commitment to enhancing employee growth, satisfaction and wellness while maintaining a diverse and thriving culture. The company was named to Bloomberg?€?s 2020 Gender Equality Index?€?recognizing companies committed to supporting gender equality through policy development, representation, and transparency.
KREF is a real estate finance company that focuses primarily on originating and acquiring senior loans secured by commercial real estate properties.
Kite Realty Group Trust is a full-service, vertically integrated real estate investment trust (REIT) that provides communities with convenient and beneficial shopping experiences. We connect consumers to retailers in desirable markets through our portfolio of neighborhood, community, and lifestyle centers. Using operational, development, and redevelopment expertise, we continuously optimize our portfolio to maximize value and return to our shareholders.
36Kr Holdings Inc. is a prominent brand and a pioneering platform dedicated to serving New Economy participants in China with the mission of empowering New Economy participants to achieve more. The Company started its business with high-quality New Economy-focused content offerings, covering a variety of industries in China?€?s New Economy with diverse distribution channels. Leveraging traffic brought by high-quality content, the Company has expanded its offerings to business services, including online advertising services, enterprise value-added services and subscription services to address the evolving needs of New Economy companies and upgrading needs of traditional companies. The Company is supported by comprehensive database and strong data analytics capabilities. Through diverse service offerings and the significant brand influence, the Company is well-positioned to continuously capture the high growth potentials of China?€?s New Economy. About Youku Youku, the leading online video platform in China, is one of the core businesses of Alibaba Group's digital media and entertainment business and is part of the group's "Double H" strategy. Youku currently supports PC, TV and mobile three types of terminals, in copyright, co-production, homemade, user-generated content (UGC), professionally generated content (PGC) and live streaming. The scale of daily paying users of Youku is growing steadily and healthily, with a year-on-year growth of more than 60% in Q1 of fiscal year 2021 (as of the end of June).
REPRO-MED Systems, Inc. (REPRO-MED) designs, manufactures, and markets medical devices primarily for the ambulatory infusion market and emergency medical applications. The Company's development and marketing focus are primarily concentrated on the FREEDOM60 Syringe Infusion System and accessories, and the RES-Q-VAC Emergency Medical Suction System. RES-Q-VAC is sold domestically and internationally by emergency medical device distributors. It markets the hospital RES-Q-VAC system through regional distributors specializing in the hospital respiratory care market. The FREEDOM60 Syringe Pump uses an engine to create a constant pressure drive system. FREEDOM60 uses tubing with slide clamp and luer-lock connector on the patient end. Its patented luer disc connector ensures that only the Company's FREEDOM60 tubing sets will function with the pump. The RES-Q-VAC Emergency Airway Suction System is a lightweight, portable, hand-operated suction device.
Kornit Digital Ltd. develops, manufactures and markets industrial digital printing technologies for the garment, apparel and textile industries. Kornit delivers complete solutions, including digital printing systems, inks, consumables, software and after-sales support. Leading the digital direct-to-garment printing market with its exclusive eco-friendly NeoPigment printing process, Kornit caters directly to the changing needs of the textile printing value chain. Kornit?€?s technology enables innovative business models based on web-to-print, on-demand and mass customization concepts. With its immense experience in the direct-to-garment market, Kornit also offers a revolutionary approach to the roll-to-roll textile printing industry: digitally printing with a single ink set onto multiple types of fabric with no additional finishing processes. Founded in 2002, Kornit Digital is a global company, headquartered in Israel with offices in the USA, Europe and Asia Pacific, and serves customers in more than 100 countries worldwide.
Kearny Financial Corp. is the parent company of Kearny Bank which operates from its administrative headquarters in Fairfield, New Jersey, and a total of 50 retail branch offices located throughout northern and central New Jersey and Brooklyn and Staten Island, New York. At September 30, 2020, Kearny Financial Corp. had approximately $7.3 billion in total assets. For further information contact: Craig L. Montanaro, President and Chief Executive Officer, or Keith Suchodolski, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Kearny Financial Corp. (973) 244-4500
Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (Kronos) is a global producer and marketer of titanium dioxide pigments (TiO2), a base industrial product used in a range of applications. The Company, along with its distributors and agents, sell and provide technical services for its products. As of December 31, 2011, approximately 50% of the Company was owned by Valhi, Inc. and approximately 30% was owned by NL Industries, Inc. Valhi also owns approximately 83% of NL Industries. It offers its customers a range of products, which include over 40 different TiO2 pigment grades under the Kronos, which provide a range of performance properties to meet customers' specific requirements. Its customers include domestic and international paint, plastics, decorative laminate and paper manufacturers. It ships TiO2 to its customers in either a powder or slurry form through rail, truck or ocean carrier.
Kronos Bio is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to discovering, developing and commercializing therapies that seek to transform the lives of those affected by cancer. The company focuses on targeting dysregulated transcription factors and the regulatory networks within cells that drive cancerous growth. Kronos Bio?€?s lead investigational therapy is entospletinib, a selective inhibitor targeting spleen tyrosine kinase (SYK) in development for the frontline treatment of NPM1-mutated acute myeloid leukemia (AML). The company is also developing KB-0742, an oral inhibitor of cyclin dependent kinase 9 (CDK9), for the treatment of MYC-amplified solid tumors. Kronos Bio is based in San Mateo, Calif., and has a research facility in Cambridge, Mass.
Keros is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of novel treatments for patients suffering from hematologic and musculoskeletal disorders with high unmet medical need. Keros is a leader in understanding the role of the transforming growth factor-Beta, or TGF-??, family of proteins, which are master regulators of red blood cell and platelet production as well as of the growth, repair and maintenance of muscle and bone. Keros?€? lead protein therapeutic product candidate, KER-050, is being developed for the treatment of low blood cell counts, or cytopenias, including anemia and thrombocytopenia, in patients with myelodysplastic syndromes and in patients with myelofibrosis. Keros?€? lead small molecule product candidate, KER-047, is being developed for the treatment of anemia resulting from iron imbalance, as well as for the treatment of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva. Keros?€? third product candidate, KER-012, is being developed for the treatment of disorders associated with bone loss, such as osteoporosis and osteogenesis imperfecta, and for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Kimbell is a leading oil and gas mineral and royalty company based in Fort Worth, Texas. Kimbell owns mineral and royalty interests in over 13 million gross acres in 28 states and in every major onshore basin in the continental United States, including ownership in more than 96,000 gross wells with over 40,000 wells in the Permian Basin.
Karuna Therapeutics Inc
Kura Sushi USA Inc Class A
Krystal Biotech Inc

Kismet Acquisition One Corp Unit 1 Com & 12 Wt Exp 08062025
Kismet Acquisition One Corp - Warrants (01/01/9999)
Trans World Entertainment is a leading multi-channel retailer, blending a 40-year history of entertainment retail experience with digital marketplace expertise. Our brands seamlessly connect customers with the most comprehensive selection of music, movies, and pop culture products on the channel of their choice. For over 40 years, the Company has operated as a leading specialty retailer of entertainment and pop culture merchandise with stores in the United States and Puerto Rico, primarily under the name fye, for your entertainment, and on the web at www.fye.com and www.secondspin.com. In October 2016, the Company acquired etailz, Inc., a leading digital marketplace expert retailer, operating both domestically and internationally. etailz uses a data driven approach to digital marketplace retailing utilizing proprietary software and ecommerce insight coupled with a direct customer relationship engagement to identify new distributors and wholesalers, isolate emerging product trends, and optimize price positioning and inventory purchase decisions. Trans World Entertainment, which established itself as a public company in 1986, is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol ?€?TWMC?€?.
Kohl's Corporation (Kohl's) operate family-oriented department stores that sell apparel, footwear and accessories for women, men and children; soft home products, such as sheets and pillows, and housewares. Kohl's apparel and home fashions appeal to classic, modern classic and contemporary customers. As of January 28, 2012, the Company operated 1,127 stores in 49 states. In addition, Kohl's offers on-line shopping on its Website at www.Kohls.com. Originally designed as an added service for customers who prefer to shop using the Internet, the Website include a selection of items and categories beyond what is available in stores, with a primary focus on sizes, product line extensions, and Web-exclusive product lines. Only at Kohl's is a brand of the Company. In March 2012, the Company opened eight new stores. In March 2013, it announced the openings of nine new stores, bringing the Company's store count to 1,155 stores.
Headquartered in Kansas City, Mo., Kansas City Southern (KCS) is a transportation holding company that has railroad investments in the U.S., Mexico and Panama. Its primary U.S. holding is The Kansas City Southern Railway Company, serving the central and south central U.S. Its international holdings include Kansas City Southern de Mexico, S.A. de C.V., serving northeastern and central Mexico and the port cities of L??zaro C??rdenas, Tampico and Veracruz, and a 50 percent interest in Panama Canal Railway Company, providing ocean-to-ocean freight and passenger service along the Panama Canal. KCS' North American rail holdings and strategic alliances with other North American rail partners are primary components of a unique railway system, linking the commercial and industrial centers of the U.S., Mexico and Canada.
Kansas City Southern Preferred Stock
KT Corporation provides telecommunication services in Korea. Its services comprise mobile telecommunications services; telephone services, including local, domestic long-distance and international long-distance, fixed-line and VoIP telephone services, and interconnection services to other telecommunications companies; and broadband Internet access services and other Internet-related services, such as IP-TV services. The company also offers leased line and other data communication services; satellite and information technology services, including consulting, designing, building, and maintaining systems and communication networks; and other financial services, as well as provides cloud computing services. In addition, the company is engaged in media contents business; the ownership, planning, and development of commercial and office buildings and condominiums; and the provision of credit card and other financial services, as well as rents cars and equipment. As of December 31, 2013, it served approximately 16,454,000 mobile subscribers; and approximately 5.0 million IP-TV subscribers. The company was formerly known as Korea Telecom Corp. and changed its name to KT Corporation in March 2002. KT Corporation was founded in 1981 and is headquartered in Seongnam, South Korea.
Kontoor Brands Inc When Issued
Key Tronic is a leading contract manufacturer offering value-added design and manufacturing services from its facilities in the United States, Mexico, China and Vietnam. The Company provides its customers full engineering services, materials management, worldwide manufacturing facilities, assembly services, in-house testing, and worldwide distribution. Its customers include some of the world?€?s leading original equipment manufacturers.
No Description Available
No Description Available
Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc.?? develops and fields transformative, affordable technology, platforms and systems for United States National Security related customers, allies and commercial enterprises. Kratos is changing the way breakthrough technology for these industries is rapidly brought to market through proven commercial and venture capital backed approaches, including proactive research and streamlined development processes. At Kratos, affordability is a technology, and we specialize in unmanned systems, satellite communications, cyber security/warfare, microwave electronics, missile defense, hypersonic systems, training, combat systems and next generation turbo jet and turbo fan engine development.
Kitov Pharma Ltd. (?€?Kitov?€?; NASDAQ/TASE: KTOV) is a clinical-stage company focusing on advancing first-in-class therapies to overcome tumor immune evasion and drug resistance, to create successful long-lasting treatments for people with cancer. Kitov?€?s oncology pipeline includes NT219 and CM24. NT219 is a small molecule targeting the novel cancer drug resistance pathways IRS1/2 and STAT3. Kitov is currently advancing NT219 as a monotherapy treatment of advanced solid tumors and in combination with cetuximab for the treatment of recurrent or metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of head and neck cancer (SCCHN) in a phase 1/2 study. CM24 is a monoclonal antibody blocking CEACAM1, a novel immune checkpoint that supports tumor immune evasion and survival through multiple pathways. Kitov plans to advance CM24 as a combination therapy with anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors in selected cancer indications in a phase 1 study followed by a phase 2 for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer and pancreatic cancer. Kitov has entered into a clinical collaboration agreement, as amended, with Bristol Myers Squibb for the planned phase 1/2 clinical trials to evaluate the combination of CM24 with the PD-1 inhibitor nivolumab (Opdivo??) in patients with non-small cell lung cancer and in combination with nivolumab in addition to nab-paclitaxel (ABRAXANE??) in patients with pancreatic cancer. Kitov is also the owner of Consensi??, a fixed-dose combination of celecoxib and amlodipine besylate, for the simultaneous treatment of osteoarthritis pain and hypertension that was approved by the FDA for marketing in the U.S. Consensi?? is being sold in the U.S. by Burke Therapeutics, the marketing partner of Kitov?€?s U.S. distributor, Coeptis Pharmaceuticals. Kitov has also partnered to commercialize Consensi in China and South Korea. The company is headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel.

DelMar is focused on the development and commercialization of new therapies for cancer patients who have limited, or no, treatment options. By focusing on understanding tumor biology and mechanisms of treatment resistance, the Company identifies biomarkers to personalize new therapies in indications where patients are failing, or are unable to tolerate, standard-of-care treatments. The Company's current pipeline is based around VAL-083, a "first-in-class", small-molecule chemotherapeutic with a novel mechanism of action that has demonstrated clinical activity against a range of cancers including central nervous system, ovarian and other solid tumors (e.g. NSCLC, bladder cancer, head & neck) in U.S. clinical trials sponsored by the NCI. Based on DelMar's internal research programs, and these prior NCI-sponsored clinical studies, the Company is conducting clinical trials to support the development and commercialization of VAL-083 to solve significant unmet medical needs. VAL-083 is being studied in two collaborator-supported, biomarker-driven, Phase 2 clinical trials for MGMT-unmethylated GBM. Overcoming MGMT-mediated resistance represents a significant unmet medical need in the treatment of GBM. In addition, DelMar has announced the allowance of a separate IND for VAL-083 as a potential treatment for platinum-resistant ovarian cancer.
Kura Oncology is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to realizing the promise of precision medicines for the treatment of cancer. The Company?€?s pipeline consists of two wholly owned small molecule drug candidates that target cancer signaling pathways where there is a strong scientific and clinical rationale to improve outcomes by identifying those patients most likely to benefit from treatment. Kura?€?s most advanced drug candidate is tipifarnib, a potent, selective and orally bioavailable farnesyl transferase inhibitor currently in a registration-directed trial (AIM-HN) in patients with recurrent or metastatic HRAS mutant head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. The Company?€?s pipeline is also highlighted by KO-539, a potent and selective menin inhibitor currently in a Phase 1/2A clinical trial (KOMET-001) in patients with relapsed/refractory acute myeloid leukemia.
KVH Industries, Inc., is a global leader in mobile connectivity and inertial navigation systems, innovating to enable a mobile world. A market leader in maritime VSAT, KVH designs, manufactures, and provides connectivity and content services globally. KVH is also a premier manufacturer of high-performance sensors and integrated inertial systems for defense and commercial applications. Founded in 1982, the company is based in Middletown, RI, with research, development, and manufacturing operations in Middletown, RI, and Tinley Park, IL, and more than a dozen offices around the globe.
Kennedy Wilson is a leading global real estate investment company. We own, operate, and invest in real estate both on our own and through our investment management platform. We focus on multifamily and office properties located in the Western U.S., UK, and Ireland.
Kingswood Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 3/4 War)
Quaker Houghton is a global leader in industrial process fluids. With a presence around the world, including operations in over 25 countries, our customers include thousands of the world's most advanced and specialized steel, aluminum, automotive, aerospace, offshore, can, mining, and metalworking companies. Our high-performing, innovative and sustainable solutions are backed by best-in-class technology, deep process knowledge and customized services. With approximately 4,500 employees, including chemists, engineers and industry experts, we partner with our customers to improve their operations so they can run even more efficiently, even more effectively, whatever comes next. Quaker Houghton is headquartered in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania, located near Philadelphia in the United States.
Kaixin Auto Holdings is one of the primary dealership networks in the premium used car segment in China. Supported by the rapid growth of China's used car market and leveraging its own hybrid business model that offers both strong online and offline presence, Kaixin has transformed itself from a tech-enabled financing platform into a nationwide dealer network that combines both self-owned and affiliated dealers as well as value-added services.
Kymera Therapeutics Inc
Kazia Therapeutics Ltd
Kezar Life Sciences Inc - Ordinary Shares
Established 1960 Headquartered in New York City, Loews Hotels & Co is rooted in deep heritage and excellence in service. The hospitality company encompasses branded independent Loews Hotels, and a solid mix of partner-brand hotels. Loews Hotels & Co owns and/or operates??26??hotels and resorts across the U.S. and Canada, including the new Loews Kansas City and the soon to open Universal's Endless Summer Resort ?€? Dockside?? Inn and Suites, the eighth hotel in partnership with Comcast NBC Universal, which will open in 2020. Located in major city centers and resort destinations from coast to coast, the Loews Hotels portfolio features properties grounded in family heritage and dedicated to delivering unscripted guest moments with a handcrafted approach.
Lithium Americas Corp
Leisure Acquisition Corp
Leisure Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord & 1/2 War)
Leisure Acquisition Corp. Warrant
Lithia Motors Inc. is one of the largest providers of personal transportation solutions in the United States and is among the fastest-growing companies in the Fortune 500 (#265 in 2019). Lithia is a growth company powered by people and innovation. By purchasing and building strong businesses that have yet to realize their potential, Lithia generates significant cash flows with low leverage. Operational excellence is achieved by focusing on the consumer experience and by utilizing proprietary performance measurements to increase market share and profitability. With a unique growth model, Lithia invests to expand and modernize its nationwide network to create personal transportation solutions wherever, whenever and however consumers desire. Sites: www.lithiamotors.com www.lithiainvestorrelations.com www.lithiacareers.com Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/LithiaMotors Twitter: @lithiamotors
Ladder Capital Corp is an internally-managed commercial real estate investment trust with over $6 billion of assets. Our investment objective is to preserve and protect shareholder capital while producing attractive risk-adjusted returns. As one of the nation?€?s leading commercial real estate capital providers, we specialize in underwriting commercial real estate and offering flexible capital solutions within a sophisticated platform. Ladder originates and invests in a diverse portfolio of commercial real estate and real estate-related assets, focusing on senior secured assets. Our investment activities include: (i) our primary business of originating senior first mortgage fixed and floating rate loans collateralized by commercial real estate with flexible loan structures; (ii) investing in investment grade securities secured by first mortgage loans on commercial real estate; and (iii) owning and operating commercial real estate, including net leased commercial properties. Founded in 2008, and led by Brian Harris, the Company?€?s Chief Executive Officer, Ladder is run by a highly experienced management team with extensive expertise in all aspects of the commercial real estate industry, including origination, credit, underwriting, structuring, capital markets and asset management. Members of Ladder?€?s management and Board of Directors are highly aligned with the Company?€?s investors, owning over 10% of the Company?€?s equity.
LAI WORLDWIDE INC
We manufacture and sell a comprehensive line of industrial protective clothing and accessories for the industrial and public protective clothing market. Our products are sold globally by our in-house sales teams, our customer service group, and authorized independent sales representatives to a network of over 1,600 global safety and industrial supply distributors. Our authorized distributors supply end users, such as integrated oil, chemical/petrochemical, automobile, steel, glass, construction, smelting, cleanroom, janitorial, pharmaceutical, and high technology electronics manufacturers, as well as scientific, medical laboratories and the utilities industry. In addition, we supply federal, state and local governmental agencies and departments, such as fire and law enforcement, airport crash rescue units, the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security and the Centers for Disease Control. Internationally, we sell to a mixture of end users directly, and to industrial distributors depending on the particular country and market. Sales are made to more than 50 countries, the majority of which were into the United States, China, the European Economic Community ("EEC"), Canada, Chile, Argentina, Russia, Kazakhstan, Colombia, Mexico, Ecuador, India, Uruguay and Southeast Asia.
Founded in 1902, Lamar Advertising Company is one of the largest outdoor advertising companies in North America, with more than 357,500 displays across the United States and Canada. Lamar offers advertisers a variety of billboard, interstate logo, transit and airport advertising formats, helping both local businesses and national brands reach broad audiences every day. In addition to its more traditional out of home inventory, Lamar is proud to offer its customers the largest network of digital billboards in the United States with over 3,600 displays.
Lancaster Colony Corporation is a diversified manufacturer and marketer of consumer products focusing primarily on specialty foods for the retail and foodservice markets. The Company also manufactures and markets candles for the food, drug and mass markets. It is also engaged in the distribution of various products, including glassware and candles, to commercial markets. The Company operates in two segments: Specialty Foods and Glassware and Candles. The food products it manufactures and sells include salad dressings and sauces marketed under the brand names Marzetti, T. Marzetti, Cardini's, Pfeiffer, Simply Dressed and Girard's; fruit glazes, vegetable dips and fruit dips marketed under the brand name T. Marzetti, and frozen breads marketed under the brand names New York BRAND and Mamma Bella. It sells candles, candle accessories, and other home fragrance products in a range of sizes, forms and fragrance under the Candle-lite brand name.
: Founded in 1997, Gladstone Land is a publicly traded real estate investment trust that acquires and owns farmland and farm-related properties located in major agricultural markets in the U.S. and leases its properties to unrelated third-party farmers. The Company, which reports the aggregate fair value of its farmland holdings on a quarterly basis, currently owns 116 farms, comprised of approximately 90,000 acres in 12 different states, valued at approximately $919 million. Gladstone Land?€?s farms are predominantly located in regions where its tenants are able to grow fresh produce annual row crops, such as berries and vegetables, which are generally planted and harvested annually. The Company also owns farms growing permanent crops, such as almonds, apples, figs, olives, pistachios, and other orchards, as well as blueberry groves and vineyards, which are generally planted every 10 to 20-plus years and harvested annually. The Company may also acquire property related to farming, such as cooling facilities, processing buildings, packaging facilities, and distribution centers. The Company pays monthly distributions to its stockholders and has paid 90 consecutive monthly cash distributions on its common stock since its initial public offering in January 2013. The Company has increased its common distributions 19 times over the prior 22 quarters, and the current per-share distribution on its common stock is $0.0448 per month, or $0.5376 per year.
Gladstone Land Corp

Landmark Bancorp, Inc. is a bank holding company. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary is Landmark National Bank (the Bank). Its business consists of ownership of the Bank, with its main office in Manhattan, Kansas and 20 branch offices in eastern, central and southwestern Kansas. The Bank is principally engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public and using such deposits, together with borrowings and other funds, to originate one- to four-family residential real estate, construction and land, commercial real estate, commercial, agriculture, municipal and consumer loans. It also invests in certain investment and mortgage-related securities using deposits and other borrowings as funding sources. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had $598.2 million in consolidated total assets.
nLIGHT is a leading provider of high-power semiconductor and fiber lasers for industrial, microfabrication, and aerospace and defense applications. The company?€?s lasers are changing not only the way things are made but also the things that can be made. Headquartered in Vancouver, Wash., nLIGHT employs over 1,000 people with operations in the U.S., China, and Finland.

Union Acquisition Corp II Unit 1 Ord & 1 Red Wt
Union Acquisition Corp II Red Wt 04012025
At Laureate Education, Inc., we understand the transformative power of education. For more than 20 years, we have remained committed to making a positive impact in the communities we serve, by providing accessible, high-quality undergraduate, graduate and specialized degree programs. We know that when our students succeed, countries prosper and societies benefit. Our longstanding commitment to operating with purpose is evidenced by our status as one of the world?€?s largest Certified B Corporations?? and being the first Public Benefit Corporation publicly listed on any stock exchange in the world.
Founded in 1952, Lawson Products, Inc., headquartered in Chicago, IL, sells and distributes specialty products to the industrial, commercial, institutional and government maintenance, repair and operations market (MRO). The Company is dedicated to helping customers in the U.S. and Canada lower their total cost of operation by increasing productivity and efficiency. The combination of Lawson Managed Inventory and the Company?€?s problem-solving professionals ensures customers always have the right parts to handle the job. Through The Bolt Supply House, customers in Western Canada have access to products at several branch locations. Under its Kent Automotive brand, the Company provides collision and mechanical repair products to the automotive aftermarket. Lawson Products ships from several strategically located distribution centers to customers in all 50 states, Puerto Rico, Canada, Mexico, and the Caribbean.
Lazard, one of the world's preeminent financial advisory and asset management firms, operates from more than 40 cities across 25 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, Central and South America. With origins dating to 1848, the firm provides advice on mergers and acquisitions, strategic matters, restructuring and capital structure, capital raising and corporate finance, as well as asset management services to corporations, partnerships, institutions, governments and individuals.
Lazydays Holdings Inc
L Brands, Inc., formerly Limited Brands, Inc operates in the specialty retail business. The Company is a specialty retailer of women's intimate and other apparel, beauty and personal care products and accessories. It operates in two segments: Victoria's Secret and Bath & Body Works. It sells its merchandise through Company-owned specialty retail stores in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, which are primarily mall-based, and through Websites, catalogue and international franchise, license and wholesale partners. It operates in brands, such as Victoria's Secret, Victoria's Secret Pink, Bath & Body Works, La Senza, and Henri Bendel. Its business for both the Victoria's Secret and Bath & Body Works segments is principally conducted from office, distribution and shipping facilities located in the Columbus, Ohio area. As of February 2, 2013, it operated 2,619 retail stores located in leased facilities, primarily in malls and shopping centers, throughout United States.
Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. (Lakeland Bancorp) is a bank holding company of Lakeland Bank (the Bank or Lakeland). Through the Bank, the Company operates 47 banking offices, located in Morris, Passaic, Sussex, Warren, Essex and Bergen countries in New Jersey. Lakeland offers a range of lending services, including commercial loans and leases, real estate and consumer loans to small and medium-sized businesses, professionals and individuals located in its markets. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had total consolidated deposits of $2.2 billion, and total consolidated loans, (net of the allowance for loan and lease losses), of $2 billion. In May 2013, Lakeland Bancorp Inc announced its acquisition by merger of Somerset Hills Bancorp the parent company of Somerset Hills Bank. Pursuant to which Somerset Hills Bank merged with and into Lakeland Bank.
Luther Burbank Corporation is a publicly owned company traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol ?€?LBC.?€? The Company is headquartered in Santa Rosa, California with total assets of $7.1 billion, total loans of $6.1 billion and total deposits of $5.3 billion as of September??30, 2020. It operates primarily through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Luther Burbank Savings, an FDIC insured, California-chartered bank. Luther Burbank Savings executes on its mission to improve the financial future of customers, employees and shareholders by providing personal banking and business banking services. It offers consumers a host of highly competitive depository and mortgage products coupled with personalized attention. Business customers benefit from boutique-quality service along with access to products which meet their unique financial needs from the convenience of online and mobile banking, robust cash management solutions, and high-yield liquidity management products to multifamily and commercial real estate lending. Currently operating in California, Oregon and Washington, from ten branches in California, one branch in Washington and eight lending offices located throughout the market area, Luther Burbank Savings is an equal housing lender.
Liberty Broadband Corporation, a cable operator, provides video, high-speed Internet, and telephone service to residential and business customers in the United States. The company operates through TruePosition and Charter segments. The TruePosition segment develops and markets technology for locating wireless phones and other wireless devices on a cellular network, enabling wireless carriers and government agencies to provide public safety E-9-1-1 services and services in support of national security and law enforcement. This segment also operates a location network, which provides hybrid wireless positioning technology and contextual location intelligence solutions. The Charter segment offers cable services, including video entertainment services; Internet services; business telephone services; and local and long distance calling services, as well as data networking and fiber connectivity services to cellular towers and office buildings. As of December 31, 2014, this segment served 4.2 million residential video customers; 4.8 million residential Internet customers; and 2.4 million residential voice service customers. It also provided broadband communication solutions to 619,000 commercial primary service units, including small and medium-sized commercial customers. Liberty Broadband Corporation is based in Englewood, Colorado.
Liberty Broadband Corporation, a cable operator, provides video, high-speed Internet, and telephone service to residential and business customers in the United States. The company operates through TruePosition and Charter segments. The TruePosition segment develops and markets technology for locating wireless phones and other wireless devices on a cellular network, enabling wireless carriers and government agencies to provide public safety E-9-1-1 services and services in support of national security and law enforcement. This segment also operates a location network, which provides hybrid wireless positioning technology and contextual location intelligence solutions. The Charter segment offers cable services, including video entertainment services; Internet services; business telephone services; and local and long distance calling services, as well as data networking and fiber connectivity services to cellular towers and office buildings. As of December 31, 2014, this segment served 4.2 million residential video customers; 4.8 million residential Internet customers; and 2.4 million residential voice service customers. It also provided broadband communication solutions to 619,000 commercial primary service units, including small and medium-sized commercial customers. Liberty Broadband Corporation is based in Englewood, Colorado.
Liberty Oilfield Services Inc - Ordinary Shares - Class A
Liberty Global (NASDAQ: LBTYA, LBTYB and LBTYK) is one of the world?€?s leading converged video, broadband and communications companies, with operations in six European countries under the consumer brands Virgin Media, Telenet and UPC. We invest in the infrastructure and digital platforms that empower our customers to make the most of the digital revolution. Our substantial scale and commitment to innovation enable us to develop market-leading products delivered through next-generation networks that connect 11 million customers subscribing to 25 million TV, broadband internet and telephony services. We also serve 6 million mobile subscribers and offer WiFi service through millions of access points across our footprint. In addition, Liberty Global owns 50% of VodafoneZiggo, a joint venture in the Netherlands with 4 million customers subscribing to 10 million fixed-line and 5 million mobile services, as well as significant investments in ITV, All3Media, ITI Neovision, Lionsgate, the Formula E racing series and several regional sports networks.
No Description Available
Liberty Global plc, together with its subsidiaries, provides video, broadband Internet, fixed-line telephony, and mobile services in Europe, Chile, Puerto Rico, and internationally. The company offers various residential services, including video services comprising basic and premium programming, which can be viewed on the television and Internet connected devices; electronic programming guide, high definition (HD) channels, digital video recorder (DVR), and HD DVR services; video-on-demand, set-top boxes, pay-per-view programming, and programming in three-dimensional format services, as well as television applications that allow access to programming on laptops, smartphones, and tablets; and entertainment, sports, movies, documentaries, lifestyles, news, adult, children, and ethnic and foreign channels. It also provides broadband Internet services, such as high speed Internet; email, address book, parental controls, and on-line audio; security; and online storage and Web spaces. In addition, the company offers telephony services consisting of multi-featured and circuit-switched fixed-line telephony services; and mobile services, which include voice, short message service, and Internet or data access. Further, it provides voice, broadband Internet, data, video, wireless, and cloud services to small offices and home offices, medium and large enterprises, and other operators, as well as to financial institutions, health care facilities, education institutions, and government offices. Additionally, the company offers a range of data, voice, and Internet services to carriers, Internet service providers, and mobile operators. It distributes its broadband services through cable distribution systems; and video services through direct-to-home satellite and multichannel multipoint distribution systems. The company was founded in 2004 and is based in London, the United Kingdom.
LendingClub was founded to transform the banking system to make credit more affordable and investing more rewarding. Today, LendingClub's online credit marketplace connects borrowers and investors to deliver more efficient and affordable access to credit. Through its technology platform, LendingClub is able to create cost efficiencies and passes those savings onto borrowers in the form of lower rates and to investors in the form of risk-adjusted returns. LendingClub is based in San Francisco, California. All loans are made by federally regulated issuing bank partners.
Landcadia Holdings II, Inc. is a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses that is co-sponsored by Fertitta Entertainment, Inc. and Jefferies Financial Group Inc.

Landcadia Holdings II Inc Warrants 09052026

Lionheart Acquisition Corp II
Lionheart Acquisition Corp II - Warrants (13/08/2025)
Lannett Company, founded in 1942, develops, manufactures, packages, markets and distributes generic pharmaceutical products for a wide range of medical indications ?€? see financial schedule below for net sales by medical indication.
From over 90 manufacturing and distribution facilities located throughout North America and Europe, LCI Industries, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, LCI, supplies, domestically and internationally, a broad array of highly engineered components for the leading OEMs in the recreation and transportation product markets, consisting primarily of recreational vehicles and adjacent industries, including buses; trailers used to haul boats, livestock, equipment, and other cargo; trucks; boats; trains; manufactured homes; and modular housing. The Company also supplies engineered components to the related aftermarkets of these industries primarily by selling to retail dealers, wholesale distributors, and service centers. LCI's products include steel chassis and related components; axles and suspension solutions; slide-out mechanisms and solutions; thermoformed bath, kitchen, and other products; vinyl, aluminum, and frameless windows; manual, electric, and hydraulic stabilizer and leveling systems; entry, luggage, patio, and ramp doors; furniture and mattresses; electric and manual entry steps; awnings and awning accessories; towing products; truck accessories; electronic components; and other accessories.
LCNB Corp. (LCNB) is a financial holding company. The Company's principal activity is the ownership of LCNB National Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a full service community bank offering a range of commercial and personal banking services. Deposit services include checking accounts, negotiable order of withdrawal (NOW) accounts, savings accounts, Christmas and vacation club accounts, money market deposit accounts, Classic 50 accounts (a senior citizen program), individual retirement accounts, and certificates of deposit. Loan products offered include commercial and industrial loans, commercial and residential real estate loans, construction loans, various types of consumer loans, and Small Business Administration loans.
BioTime is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing new cellular therapies for degenerative retinal diseases, neurological conditions associated with demyelination, and aiding the body in detecting and combating cancer. BioTime?€?s programs are based on its proprietary cell-based therapy platform and associated development and manufacturing capabilities. With this platform BioTime develops and manufactures specialized, terminally-differentiated human cells from its pluripotent and progenitor cell starting materials. These differentiated cells are developed either to replace or support cells that are dysfunctional or absent due to degenerative disease or traumatic injury, or administered as a means of helping the body mount an effective immune response to cancer. BioTime?€?s clinical assets include (i) OpRegen ??, a retinal pigment epithelium transplant therapy in Phase I/IIa development for the treatment of dry age-related macular degeneration, the leading cause of blindness in the developed world; (ii) OPC1, an oligodendrocyte progenitor cell therapy in Phase I/IIa development for the treatment of acute spinal cord injuries; and (iii) VAC2, an allogeneic cancer immunotherapy of antigen-presenting dendritic cells currently in Phase I development for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer.
Lifetime Brands, Inc. designs, sources and sells branded kitchenware, tabletop and other products used in the home. The Company operates in two segments: the Wholesale segment, which is the Company's primary business that designs, markets and distributes its products to retailers and distributors, and the Retail Direct segment in which the Company markets and sells a limited selection of its products through its Pfaltzgraff, Mikasa, Lifetime Sterling and Housewares Deals Internet Websites. The Company's brands include Farberware, Mikasa, KitchenAid, Pfaltzgraff, Cuisinart, Elements, Melannco, Wallace Silversmiths, Kamenstein, Pedrini, Towle, V&A and Royal Botanic Gardens Kew. On December 20, 2012, the Company acquired the Fred & Friends (F&F) business from Easy Aces, Inc.
Landcadia Holdings III Inc - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Headquartered in Manchester, Connecticut with global manufacturing operations, Lydall delivers value-added engineered materials and specialty filtration solutions that promote a cleaner, safer and quieter world. We partner with our customers to develop bespoke, high-performing and efficient solutions that are adaptable and scalable to meet their needs. Lydall is a New York Stock Exchange-listed company.
Leidos is a Fortune 500?? information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil and health markets. The company's 38,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $11.09 billion for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2020.
Lands' End, Inc. is a leading uni-channel retailer of casual clothing, accessories, footwear and home products. We offer products online at www.landsend.com, on third party online marketplaces and through retail locations. We are a classic American lifestyle brand with a passion for quality, legendary service and real value, and seek to deliver timeless style for women, men, kids and the home.
Lear, a global automotive technology leader in Seating and E-Systems, enables superior in-vehicle experiences for consumers around the world. Our diverse team of talented employees in 39 countries is driven by a commitment to innovation, operational excellence, and sustainability. Lear is Making every drive better??? by providing the technology for safer, smarter, and more comfortable journeys. Lear, headquartered in Southfield, Michigan, serves every major automaker in the world and ranks #166 on the Fortune 500.
Leaf Group Ltd. is a diversified consumer internet company that builds enduring, creative-driven brands that reach passionate audiences in large and growing lifestyle categories, including fitness and wellness (Well+Good,??Livestrong.com??and??MyPlate App), and home, art and design (Saatchi Art,??Society6??and??Hunker).
Ribbit LEAP Ltd - Class A
Ribbit LEAP Ltd - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/5 War)
Ribbit LEAP Ltd - Warrants (09/09/2025)
Lincoln Electric is the world leader in the design, development and manufacture of arc welding products, automated joining, assembly and cutting systems, plasma and oxy-fuel cutting equipment and has a leading global position in brazing and soldering alloys. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, Lincoln Electric has 59 manufacturing locations in 18 countries and a worldwide network of distributors and sales offices covering more than 160 countries.
SemiLEDs develops and manufactures LED chips and LED components for general lighting applications, including street lights and commercial, industrial, system and residential lighting, along with specialty industrial applications such as ultraviolet (UV) curing, medical/cosmetic, counterfeit detection, horticulture, architectural lighting and entertainment lighting. SemiLEDs sells blue, white, green and UV LED chips. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains statements that may constitute ?€?forward-looking?€? statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact could be deemed forward-looking, including, but not limited to, any statements about historical results that may suggest trends for SemiLEDs?€? business; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements of expectation or belief regarding recovery of the LED industry, market opportunities and other future events or technology developments; any statements regarding SemiLEDs?€? position to capitalize on any market opportunities; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.
Lee Enterprises is a leading provider of local news and information, and a major platform for advertising, with daily newspapers, rapidly growing digital products and, following its recent acquisition of BH Media Group, nearly 350 weekly and specialty publications serving 77 markets in 26 states. Lee's newspapers have average daily circulation of more than 1.2 million, and reach more than 44 million digital unique visitors. Lee's markets include St. Louis, MO; Buffalo, NY; Omaha, NE; Richmond, VA; Lincoln, NE; Madison, WI; Davenport, IA; and Tucson, AZ. Lee Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol LEE.
Leggett & Platt, Incorporated is an international manufacturer that conceives, designs and produces a range of engineered components and products found in many homes, offices, retail stores, automobiles and commercial aircraft. The Company's operations are organized into 20 business units, which are divided into 10 groups under its four segments: Residential Furnishings; Commercial Fixturing & Components; Industrial Materials, and Specialized Products. On January 12, 2012, the Company completed the acquisition of Western Pneumatic Tube Holding, LLC. In Leggett & Platt Inc acquired Specitubes SAS from PFW Aerospace AG.
Legacy Housing Corporation builds, sells and finances manufactured homes and "tiny houses" that are distributed through a network of independent retailers and company-owned stores and are sold directly to manufactured housing communities. We are the fourth largest producer of manufactured homes in the United States as ranked by number of homes manufactured based on the information available from the Manufactured Housing Institute. With current operations focused primarily in the southern United States, we offer our customers an array of quality homes ranging in size from approximately 390 to 2,667 square feet consisting of 1 to 5 bedrooms, with 1 to 3 1/2 bathrooms. Our homes range in price, at retail, from approximately $22,000 to $120,000.
Legend Biotech Corp ADS Sponsored
Leju Holdings Limited, through its subsidiaries, provides online real estate services in the People??s Republic of China. It offers e-commerce services that comprise selling discount coupons and facilitating online property viewing, physical property visits, and pre-sale customer support for new residential properties and home furnishing sales through jiaju.com and leju.com. The company also sells advertising on sina.com and baidu.com, which are new residential properties and home furnishings Websites operated by the company, as well as acts as an advertising agent for sina.com and other non-real estate Websites. In addition, it provides fee-based online property listing services to real estate agents; and free services to individual property sellers. Further, the company operates through the SinaWEIBO microblog; Weixin social communication platform; and various mobile applications, such as Pocket Leju, Pocket Agent, Fang Niu Jia, and Pocket Renovation. It sells its products through direct sales force and third party advertising agencies. The company was incorporated in 2013 and is headquartered in Beijing, the People??s Republic of China. Leju Holdings Limited is a subsidiary of E-House (China) Holdings Limited.
Lennar Corporation, founded in 1954, is one of the nation's leading builders of quality homes for all generations. The Company builds affordable, move-up and active adult homes primarily under the Lennar brand name. Lennar's Financial Services segment provides mortgage financing, title and closing services primarily for buyers of Lennar's homes and, through Rialto Mortgage Finance, originates mortgage loans secured primarily by commercial real estate properties throughout the United States. Lennar's Multifamily segment is a nationwide developer of high-quality multifamily rental properties. Lennar Ventures drives the Company's technology and innovation strategies.
Lennar Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the homebuilding activities in the United States. The company operates through Homebuilding East, Homebuilding Central, Homebuilding West, Homebuilding Southeast Florida, Homebuilding Houston, Financial Services, Rialto, and Lennar Multifamily segments. Its homebuilding activities primarily include the construction and sale of single-family attached and detached homes to first-time, move-up, and active adult homebuyers, as well as the purchase, development, and sale of residential land. The company also offers real estate related financial services, including mortgage financing, title insurance, and closing services for home buyers and others. In addition, it is involved in raising, investing, and managing third party capital; originating and securitizing commercial mortgage loans, as well as investing in real estate related mortgage loans, properties, and related securities. Further, the company develops multifamily rental properties. Lennar Corporation was founded in 1954 and is based in Miami, Florida.
Leslies Inc
Centrus Energy Corp
Levi Strauss Company Class A
Level One Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for Level One Bank, a full-service commercial and consumer bank headquartered in Michigan with assets of approximately $2.45 billion as of September 30, 2020. It operates sixteen banking centers throughout southeast Michigan and west Michigan. Level One Bank's success has been recognized both locally and nationally as the U.S. Small Business Administration's (SBA) "Community Lender of the Year" and "Export Finance Lender of the Year" and one of S&P Global's Top 10 "Best-Performing Community Banks" in the nation. Level One's commercial division provides a menu of products including lines of credit, term loans, leases, commercial mortgages, SBA loans, export-import financing, and a full suite of treasury management and private banking services. The consumer division offers personal savings and checking accounts and a complete array of consumer loan products including residential mortgages, home equity loans, auto loans, and credit card services. Level One Bank offers a variety of online banking services and a robust mobile banking application for individuals and businesses. Level One Bank offers the sophistication of a big bank, the heart of a community bank, and the spirit of an entrepreneur.
Level One Bancorp Inc
LF Capital Acquistion Corp
LF Capital Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1 War)
LF Capital Acquistion Corp. Warrant
China Life Insurance Company Limited is a life insurance company established in Beijing, China on 30 June 2003 according to the "Company Law of the People's Republic of China " and the "Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China ". The Company was successfully listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 17 and 18 December 2003, and 9 January 2007, respectively. The Company's registered capital is RMB28,264,705,000. The Company is a leading life insurance company in China and possesses an extensive distribution network comprising exclusive agents, direct sales representatives, and dedicated and non-dedicated agencies. The Company is one of the largest institutional investors in China, and becomes one of the largest insurance asset management companies in China through its controlling shareholding in China Life Asset Management Company Limited. The Company also has controlling shareholding in China Life Pension Company Limited. Our products and services include individual life insurance, group life insurance, and accident and health insurance. The Company is a leading provider of individual and group life insurance, annuity products and accident and health insurance in China. As at 30 June 2020, the Company had approximately 312 million long-term individual and group life insurance policies, annuity contracts, and long-term health insurance policies in force. We also provide both individual and group accident and short-term health insurance policies and services.
Lefteris Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Littelfuse is a global manufacturer of leading technologies in circuit protection, power control and sensing. Serving over 100,000 end customers, our products are found in automotive and commercial vehicles, industrial applications, data and telecommunications, medical devices, consumer electronics, and appliances. Our 11,000 worldwide associates partner with customers to design, manufacture and deliver innovative, high-quality solutions, for a safer, greener and increasingly connected world - everywhere, every day.
LifeVantage Corporation is a pioneer in Nutrigenomics - a new science dedicated to biohacking the human aging code. The Company engages in the identification, research, development and distribution of advanced nutraceutical dietary supplements and skin and hair care products, including its Protandim?? product line, LifeVantage?? Omega+ and ProBio dietary supplements, the TrueScience?? line of Nrf2 infused skin care and hair care products, Petandim?? for Dogs, Axio?? smart energy drink mixes, and the PhysIQ??? weight management system. LifeVantage was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Legacy Acquisition Corp. Class A par value $0.0001 per share
Legacy Acquisition Corp. Units each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one Warrant to purchase one-half of one share of Class A Common Stock
Legacy Acquisition Corp. Warrants exercisable for one-half of one share of Class A Common Stock for $5.75 per half share or $11.50 per whole share


Lion Group Holding Ltd
Lion Group Holding Ltd. Warrant
Headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas, LGI Homes, Inc. engages in the design, construction and sale of homes in Texas, Arizona, Florida, Georgia, New Mexico, Colorado, North Carolina, South Carolina, Washington, Tennessee, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Alabama, California, Oregon, Nevada, West Virginia and Virginia. Recently recognized as the 10th largest residential builder in America, based on units closed, the Company has a notable legacy of more than 17 years of homebuilding operations, over which time it has closed more than 40,000 homes.
The LGL Group, Inc. is a producer of industrial and commercial products and services that is focused on the design and manufacture of electronic components and subsystems. The Company operates through its principal subsidiary, M-tron Industries, Inc. (Mtron), which includes the operations of its subsidiary, M-tron Industries, Ltd., as well as the operations of its subsidiary, Piezo Technology, Inc. (PTI) and PTI's subsidiary Piezo Technology India Private Ltd. MtronPTI's frequency control devices consist of packaged quartz crystals, crystal oscillators and electronic filters. MtronPTI markets and sells its products through a variety of channels and agents. MtronPTI's operations are located in Orlando, Florida, Yankton, South Dakota, and Noida, India.
LGL Group Inc - Warrants (16/11/2025)
Ligand is a revenue-generating biopharmaceutical company focused on developing or acquiring technologies that help pharmaceutical companies discover and develop medicines. Ligand?€?s business model creates value for stockholders by providing a diversified portfolio of biotech and pharmaceutical product revenue streams that are supported by an efficient and low corporate cost structure. Ligand?€?s goal is to offer investors an opportunity to participate in the promise of the biotech industry in a profitable, diversified and lower-risk business than a typical biotech company. Ligand?€?s business model is based on doing what Ligand does best: drug discovery, early-stage drug development, product reformulation and partnering. Ligand partners with other pharmaceutical companies to leverage what they do best (late-stage development, regulatory management and commercialization) to ultimately generate our revenue. Ligand?€?s OmniAb ?? technology platform is a patent-protected transgenic animal platform used in the discovery of fully human mono- and bispecific therapeutic antibodies. The Captisol platform technology is a patent-protected, chemically modified cyclodextrin with a structure designed to optimize the solubility and stability of drugs. The Pfenex Expression Technology ?? is a robust, validated, cost-effective and scalable approach to recombinant protein production, and is especially well-suited for complex, large-scale protein production that cannot be made by more traditional systems. Ab Initio??? technology and services for the design and preparation of customized antigens enable the successful discovery of therapeutic antibodies against difficult-to-access cellular targets. Ligand has established multiple alliances, licenses and other business relationships with the world?€?s leading pharmaceutical companies including Amgen, Merck, Pfizer, Sanofi, Janssen, Takeda, Gilead Sciences and Baxter International.
DELISTED -
Longview Acquisition Corp. Units each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and onethird of one warrant
Longview Acquisition Corp. Redeemable Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock each at an exercise price of 11.50 per shar
Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings is a clinical laboratory company in the United States. Through a national network of laboratories, the Company offers a range of testing services used by the medical profession in routine testing, patient diagnosis, and in the monitoring and treatment of disease. In addition, it has developed specialty and niche operations based on certain types of specialized testing capabilities and client requirements, such as oncology testing, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) genotyping and phenotyping, diagnostic genetics and clinical research trials. It processes tests on approximately 470,000 patient specimens daily and provides clinical laboratory testing services in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Belgium, Japan, the United Kingdom, China, Singapore and three provinces in Canada.
LHC Group, Inc. is a national provider of in-home healthcare services and innovations for communities around the nation, offering quality, value-based healthcare to patients primarily within the comfort and privacy of their home or place of residence. The company's 32,000 employees deliver home health, hospice, home and community based services, and facility-based care in 35 states and the District of Columbia ?€? reaching 60 percent of the U.S. population aged 65 and older. As the preferred joint venture partner for almost 400 leading U.S. hospitals and health systems, LHC Group works in cooperation with providers to customize each partnership and reach more patients and families with an effective and efficient model of care.
Harris Corporation is a leading technology innovator, solving customers?€? toughest mission-critical challenges by providing solutions that connect, inform and protect. Harris supports government and commercial customers in more than 100 countries and has approximately $6 billion in annual revenue. The company is organized into three business segments: Communication Systems, Electronic Systems and Space and Intelligence Systems.
Li Auto Inc. is an innovator in China's new energy vehicle market. The Company designs, develops, manufactures, and sells premium smart electric SUVs. Through innovative products, technology, and business model, the Company provides customers with safe, convenient, and cost-effective mobility solutions. Li Auto is the first to successfully commercialize extended-range electric vehicles in China. The Company started volume production of its first model, Li ONE, in November 2019. With Li ONE, the Company leverages its in-house technology to create value for our customers, focusing on range extension, smart technology, and autonomous driving solutions. Beyond Li ONE, the Company aims to expand its product line by developing new vehicles to target a broader consumer base.
Life Technologies Corporation (Life Technologies) is a global life sciences company. The Company's systems, consumables and services enable scientific researchers and commercial markets to accelerate scientific exploration, to discoveries and developments that improve the quality of life. The Company's products are also used in forensics, food and water safety, animal health testing and other industrial applications. In June 2012, the Company established Global Instrument Center of Excellence in Singapore. In July 2012, it acquired Pinpoint Genomics, Inc. In October 2012, the Company acquired Compendia Bioscience, a cancer bioinformatics company used by the pharmaceutical industry to identify gene targets for drug discovery and development. In November 2012, the Company acquired Advanced Microscopy Group (AMG). In April 2013, it announced the acquisition of KDR Biotech Co., Ltd. In June 2013, Life Technologies Corp announced the acquisition of Life Science Korea (LSK).
Lennox International Inc. is a global leader in the heating, air conditioning, and refrigeration markets. Lennox International stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and traded under the symbol "LII".
LILA
Liberty LiLAC Group (NasdaqGS:LILA.K) operates independently of Liberty Global plc as of July 01, 2015.
Linde plc
Lincoln Educational Services Corporation is a leading provider of diversified career-oriented post-secondary education. Lincoln offers recent high school graduates and working adults career-oriented programs in five principal areas of study: automotive technology, health sciences, skilled trades, information technology, and hospitality services. Lincoln has provided the workforce with skilled technicians since its inception in 1946. Lincoln currently operates 22 campuses in 14 states under four brands: Lincoln Technical Institute, Lincoln College of Technology, and Euphoria Institute of Beauty Arts and Sciences. Lincoln also operates Lincoln Culinary Institute in the states of Connecticut and Maryland. For more information, visit lincolntech.edu.
Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. is an expedition travel company that focuses on ship-based voyages through its Lindblad Expeditions brand and on land-based travel through its subsidiary, Natural Habitat Adventures, an adventure travel and ecotourism company with a focus on responsible nature travel. Lindblad Expeditions works in partnership with National Geographic to inspire people to explore and care about the planet. The organizations work in tandem to produce innovative marine expedition programs and to promote conservation and sustainable tourism around the world. The partnership's educationally oriented voyages allow guests to interact with and learn from leading scientists, naturalists and researchers while discovering stunning natural environments, above and below the sea, through state-of-the-art exploration tools. Natural Habitat partners with the World Wildlife Fund to offer and promote conservation and sustainable travel that directly protects nature. Natural Habitat's adventures include polar bear tours in Churchill, Canada, Alaskan grizzly bear adventures and African safaris.
Linx S.A. American Depositary Shares each representing one
LiqTech International, Inc., a Nevada corporation, is a clean technology company that provides state-of-the-art ceramic silicon carbide filtration technologies for gas and liquid purification. LiqTech's silicon carbide membranes are designed to be used in the most challenging water purification applications and its silicon carbide filters are used to control diesel exhaust soot emissions. Using nanotechnology, LiqTech develops products using its proprietary silicon carbide technology, resulting in a wide range of component membranes, membrane systems and filters for both microfiltration and ultrafiltration applications. By incorporating LiqTech's SiC liquid membrane technology with the Company's extensive systems design experience and capabilities, LiqTech offers unique, turnkey solutions for the most difficult water purification applications.
Lightinthebox Holding Co., Ltd. is a global online retail company that delivers products directly to consumers globally. The Company offers a selection of lifestyle products through www.lightinthebox.com, www.miniinthebox.com and other Websites, which are available in 17 languages. It targets lifestyle product categories. It offers products in the three core categories of apparel, small accessories and gadgets and home and garden. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had more than 205,000 product listings. It primarily conducts its operations through its Hong Kong subsidiary, Light In The Box Limited and its Peoples Republic of China subsidiary, Lanting Jishi. The Company's product offerings include apparel, small accessories and gadgets, home and garden, electronics and communication devices, and others.
Lumentum is a market-leading designer and manufacturer of innovative optical and photonic products enabling optical networking and laser applications worldwide. Lumentum optical components and subsystems are part of virtually every type of telecom, enterprise, and data center network. Lumentum lasers enable advanced manufacturing techniques and diverse applications including next-generation 3D sensing capabilities. Lumentum is headquartered in San Jose, California with R&D, manufacturing, and sales offices worldwide.
LiveDeal, Inc. provides web-based local customer acquisition and related products for small and local businesses. The Company's website is ideal for trading hard-to-ship items such as automobiles, furniture, pets, appliances, real estate and other "try before you buy" items, eliminating shipping costs and reducing fraud. Its solutions InstantProfile, InstantPromote, InstantVideo and InstantDisplay. It delivers a way for businesses to extend their marketing reach to local, relevant customers via the Internet. LiveDeal delivers website creation, Search Engine Marketing (SEM), Social Media Marketing (SMM), video, and other online marketing tools as part of its InstantAgency.

LIV Capital Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Ord Cl A & 1 Red Wt

LivaNova PLC is a global medical technology and innovation company built on nearly five decades of experience and a relentless commitment to provide hope for patients and their families through innovative medical technologies, delivering life-changing improvements for both the Head and Heart. Headquartered in London, LivaNova employs approximately 4,000 employees and has a presence in more than 100 countries for the benefit of patients, healthcare professionals and healthcare systems worldwide. LivaNova operates as two businesses: Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation, with operating headquarters in Mirandola (Italy) and Houston (U.S.), respectively.
Headquartered in Los Angeles, California, LiveXLive Media, Inc. (the "Company") (pronounced Live "by" Live) is a global platform for livestream and on-demand audio, video and podcast content in music, comedy, and pop culture. LiveXLive, which has streamed over 1,400 artists since January 2020, has become a go-to partner for the world's top artists and celebrity voices as well as music festivals concerts, including Rock in Rio, EDC Las Vegas, and many others. In April 2020, LiveXLive produced its first 48-hour music festival called "Music Lives" with tremendous success as it earned over 50 million views and over 5 billion views for #musiclives on TikTok on 100+ performances. LiveXLive's library of global events, video-audio podcasts and original shows are also available on Amazon, Apple TV, Roku and Samsung TVs in addition to its own app, destination site and social channels. The Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, PodcastOne, generates more than 2.1 billion downloads annually across more than 300 podcasts.
Lixte Biotechnology Holdings, Inc. (Lixte) is a development-stage company. Lixte is a blank check company. The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of SRKP 7, Inc. (SRKP). It focuses on developing new treatments for human cancers. Its drug discovery process is based on discerning clues to potential targets for cancer treatments reported in the body of literature characterizing the molecular variants, which characterize human cancers. It has developed two classes of drugs, phosphatase inhibitors, designated by the Company as the LB-100 series of compounds, and histone deacetylase inhibitors, designated by it as the LB-200 series of compounds. The second class of drugs (LB-200) under development by it is the histone deacetylase inhibitors. On September 17, 2010, the National Cancer Institute Experimental Therapeutics Program Senior Advisory Committee approved collaboration by National Cancer Institute, with it for clinical evaluation of one of the Company's drug compounds, LB-100.
LIZHI INC. American Depositary Shares
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is dedicated to the development and commercialization of innovative therapies that improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. GIAPREZA??? (angiotensin II) is approved by the U.S. FDA as a vasoconstrictor indicated to increase blood pressure in adults with septic or other distributive shock. XERAVA??? (eravacycline) is approved by the U.S. FDA for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections.
Luokung Technology Corp. is one of the global leading spatial-temporal big-data processing technology companies and a leading interactive location-based services company in China. The core brands of the Company are "Luokuang" and "SuperEngine". "Luokuang" is a mobile application to provide B2C services and "SuperEngine" provides B2B and B2G services in connection with Spatial-Temporal big data. The Company's mobile application LuoKuang, provides location- based interaction services for users based on the world's first non-slicing, full-vector and full-function mobile internet map, it also provides SDK and API embedded services to LBS mobile internet developers based on its full-vector and non-slicing mobile internet map. The Company provides completed DaaS, SaaS and PaaS services in relation to spatial-temporal big data internet and internet of things relying on its proprietary patented spatial-temporal cloud indexing technology, in fields including but not limited to HD Map, 3D Map, Internet Application Map, Satellite Remote Sensing Data and Real-time trajectory.
Lakeland Financial Corporation operates as the holding company for Lake City Bank that provides various commercial and retail banking, wealth advisory, and investment brokerage services to individuals and businesses in Indiana, the United States. The company accepts checking accounts, savings accounts, time deposits, certificates of deposit, money market accounts, and NOW accounts. It provides commercial, real estate, and agricultural loans; consumer loans; and commercial and residential real estate mortgage loans, as well as home equity lines of credit and retail installment loans. In addition, the company offers retail and merchant credit card services, corporate treasury management services, retirement services, and trust and brokerage services, as well as sells securities under agreements to repurchase. Further, it provides retail brokerage services, including various financial and investment products, such as annuities and life insurance; Internet business banking and on-line treasury management services; and credit card services. Lakeland Financial Corporation operates 46 offices in 13 counties in northern and central Indiana. The company was founded in 1872 and is headquartered in Warsaw, Indiana.
Luckin Coffee Inc.?? has pioneered a technology-driven retail network to provide coffee and other products of high quality, high affordability, and high convenience to customers. Empowered by big data analytics, AI, and proprietary technologies, the Company pursues its mission to be part of everyone?€?s everyday life, starting with coffee. The Company was founded in 2017 and is based in??China.
LKQ Corporation ( www.lkqcorp.com ) is a leading provider of alternative and specialty parts to repair and accessorize automobiles and other vehicles. LKQ has operations in North America, Europe and Taiwan. LKQ offers its customers a broad range of OE recycled and aftermarket parts, replacement systems, components, equipment, and services to repair and accessorize automobiles, trucks, and recreational and performance vehicles.
Lumber Liquidators is??one of North America's leading specialty retailers of hard-surface flooring with 422 stores as of June 30, 2020. The Company features more than 400??varieties of floors in the latest styles, including waterproof vinyl plank, solid and engineered hardwood, laminate, bamboo, porcelain tile and cork flooring. Additionally, Lumber Liquidators provides a wide selection of flooring enhancements and accessories to complement, install and maintain new floors. Every location is staffed with flooring experts who can provide advice, pro services and installation options for all of Lumber Liquidators' products, much of which is in stock and ready for delivery.

Limelight Networks, Inc. (Limelight) operates a globally distributed, high-performance computing platform (its global computing platform) and provides a suite of integrated services including content delivery, Web and video content management, mobility, Web application acceleration, cloud storage, and related consulting services that enable companies to create, manage, and deliver a global digital presence. These integrated services are provided in the cloud as they are supported by its global computing platform, which provides storage, bandwidth and computing resources, as well as connectivity to last-mile broadband network providers. Limelight also offers other platform and infrastructure services, such as transit and rack space services.
Lilly is a global healthcare leader that unites caring with discovery to create medicines that make life better for people around the world. We were founded more than a century ago by a man committed to creating high-quality medicines that meet real needs, and today we remain true to that mission in all our work. Across the globe, Lilly employees work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to communities through philanthropy and volunteerism.
LeMaitre Vascular is a provider of devices, implants and services for the treatment of peripheral vascular disease, a condition that affects more than 200 million people worldwide. The Company develops, manufactures and markets disposable and implantable vascular devices to address the needs of its core customer, the vascular surgeon.
Limbach Holdings, Inc., with 2019 revenue of $553.3 million, is an integrated building systems solutions firm whose expertise is the design, installation, management, service and maintenance of HVAC, mechanical, electrical, plumbing and control systems. The Company primarily serves commercial and institutional clients in both new and existing facilities. Our principal end-markets are healthcare, higher education, data centers, research and development, state and federal government, and general commercial. Limbach and its subsidiaries employ more than 1,500 people in 22 offices, located in the Northeast, Midwest, Mid-Atlantic, and Florida regions, as well as Southern California. The Company?€?s subsidiary, Harper Limbach, operates in the Florida market. Our design, engineering and innovation center, Limbach Engineering & Design Services, is based in Orlando, Florida. Limbach is an industry leader in safety, advanced technology, full lifecycle solutions, human development and reliable execution. These nationally renowned strengths position Limbach as a value-added and essential partner for building owners, construction managers, general contractors and energy service companies.
LM Funding America, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, is a technology-based specialty finance company that provides funding to nonprofit community associations (Associations) primarily located in the state of Florida, as well as in the states of Washington, Colorado and Illinois by funding a certain portion of the associations' rights to delinquent accounts that are selected by the Associations arising from unpaid Association assessments.
UBS AG London Branch ETRACS Monthly Pay 2X Leveraged Wells Fargo MLP ExEnergy ETN Ser B 06242044
Lemonade Inc
Liminal Biosciences Inc
Limoneira Company, a 126-year-old international agribusiness headquartered in Santa Paula, California, has grown to become one of the premier integrated agribusinesses in the world. Limoneira (pronounced l?? mon????ra) is a dedicated sustainability company with 15,400 acres of rich agricultural lands, real estate properties, and water rights in California, Arizona, Chile and Argentina. The Company is a leading producer of lemons, avocados, oranges, specialty citrus and other crops that are enjoyed throughout the world. For more about Limoneira Company, visit www.limoneira.com.
At Luminex, our mission is to empower labs to obtain reliable, timely, and actionable answers, ultimately advancing health. We offer a wide range of solutions applicable in diverse markets including clinical diagnostics, pharmaceutical drug discovery, biomedical research, genomic and proteomic research, biodefense research, and food safety. We accelerate reliable answers while simplifying complexity and deliver certainty with a seamless experience.
LMP Automotive Holdings, Inc. describes its business model as ?€?Buy, Subscribe, Sell and Repeat.?€? This means that we ?€?Buy?€? pre-owned automobiles primarily through auctions or directly from other automobile dealers, and new automobiles from manufacturers and manufacturer distributors at fleet rates. We ?€?Subscribe?€? to our customers by allowing them to enter into our subscription plan for automobiles in which customers have use of an automobile. Our subscription plans offer the flexibility to upgrade your vehicle to a more premium model or downgrade for a lesser cost model when you like. We ?€?Sell?€? our inventory, including automobiles previously included in our subscription programs, to customers as well, and then we ?€?Repeat?€? the whole process.
The Partnership owns and manages a portfolio of real property interests and infrastructure assets that the Partnership leases to companies in the wireless communication, outdoor advertising and renewable power generation industries. Non-GAAP Financial Measures FFO, is a non-GAAP financial measure of operating performance of an equity REIT in order to recognize that income-producing real estate historically has not depreciated on the basis determined under GAAP. We calculate FFO in accordance with the standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trust (?€?NAREIT?€?). FFO represents net income (loss) excluding real estate related depreciation and amortization expense, real estate related impairment charges, gains (or losses) on real estate transactions, adjustments for unconsolidated joint venture, and distributions to preferred unitholders and noncontrolling interests. FFO is generally considered by industry analysts to be the most appropriate measure of performance of real estate companies. FFO does not necessarily represent cash provided by operating activities in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered an alternative to net earnings as an indication of the Partnership's performance or to cash flow as a measure of liquidity or ability to make distributions. Management considers FFO an appropriate measure of performance of an equity REIT because it primarily excludes the assumption that the value of the real estate assets diminishes predictably over time, and because industry analysts have accepted it as a performance measure. The Partnership's computation of FFO may differ from the methodology for calculating FFO used by other equity REITs, and therefore, may not be comparable to such other REITs. Adjusted Funds from Operations ("AFFO") is a non-GAAP financial measure of operating performance used by many companies in the REIT industry. AFFO adjusts FFO for certain non-cash items that reduce or increase net income in accordance with GAAP. AFFO should not be considered an alternative to net earnings, as an indication of the Partnership's performance or to cash flow as a measure of liquidity or ability to make distributions. Management considers AFFO a useful supplemental measure of the Partnership's performance. The Partnership's computation of AFFO may differ from the methodology for calculating AFFO used by other equity REITs, and therefore, may not be comparable to such other REITs. We calculate AFFO by starting with FFO and adjusting for general and administrative expense reimbursement, acquisition-related expenses, unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives, straight line rent adjustments, unit-based compensation, amortization of deferred loan costs and discount on secured notes, deferred income tax expense, amortization of above and below market rents, loss on early extinguishment of debt, repayments of receivables, adjustments for investment in unconsolidated joint venture, adjustments for drop-down assets and foreign currency transaction gain (loss). The GAAP measures most directly comparable to FFO and AFFO is net income. We define EBITDA as net income before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and we define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA before unrealized and realized gain or loss on derivatives, loss on early extinguishment of debt, gain or loss on sale of real property interests, straight line rent adjustments, amortization of above and below market rents, impairments, acquisition-related expenses, unit-based compensation, repayments of investments in receivables, foreign currency transaction gain (loss), adjustments for investment in unconsolidated joint venture and the capital contribution to fund our general and administrative expense reimbursement. We believe that to understand our performance further, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should be compared with our reported net income (loss) and net cash provided by operating activities in accordance with GAAP, as presented in our consolidated financial statements. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP supplemental financial measures that management and external users of our financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders and rating agencies, may use to assess: our operating performance as compared to other publicly traded limited partnerships, without regard to historical cost basis or, in the case of Adjusted EBITDA, financing methods; the ability of our business to generate sufficient cash to support our decision to make distributions to our unitholders; our ability to incur and service debt and fund capital expenditures; and the viability of acquisitions and the returns on investment of various investment opportunities. We believe that the presentation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provides information useful to investors in assessing our financial condition and results of operations. The GAAP measures most directly comparable to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are net income (loss) and net cash provided by operating activities. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to GAAP net income (loss), net cash provided by operating activities or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. Each of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA has important limitations as analytical tools because they exclude some, but not all, items that affect net income (loss) and net cash provided by operating activities, and these measures may vary from those of other companies. You should not consider EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. As a result, because EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA may be defined differently by other companies in our industry, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as presented below may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility. For a reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to the most comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, please see the ?€?Reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA?€? table below.
Landmark Infrastructure Partners LP - FRFXD PRF PERPETUAL USD 25


Limestone Bancorp, Inc. is a Louisville, Kentucky-based bank holding company which operates banking centers in 14 counties through its wholly-owned subsidiary Limestone Bank. The Bank?€?s markets include metropolitan Louisville in Jefferson County and the surrounding counties of Bullitt and Henry and extend south along the Interstate 65 corridor. The Bank serves south central, southern, and western Kentucky from banking centers in Barren, Butler, Daviess, Edmonson, Green, Hardin, Hart, Ohio, and Warren counties. The Bank also has banking centers in Lexington, Kentucky, the second largest city in the state, and Frankfort, Kentucky, the state capital. Limestone Bank is a traditional community bank with a wide range of personal and business banking products and services.
Headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, Lockheed Martin is a global security and aerospace company that employs approximately 110,000 people worldwide and is principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services.

Lincoln Financial Group provides advice and solutions that help people take charge of their financial lives with confidence and optimism. Today, more than 17 million customers trust our retirement, insurance and wealth protection expertise to help address their lifestyle, savings and income goals, and guard against long-term care expenses. Headquartered in Radnor, Pennsylvania, Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation and its affiliates. The company had $270 billion in end-of-period account values as of June 30, 2020. Lincoln Financial Group is a committed corporate citizen included on major sustainability indices including the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America and FTSE4Good. Dedicated to diversity and inclusion, we earned perfect 100 percent scores on the Corporate Equality Index and the Disability Equality Index, and rank among Forbes?€? World?€?s Best Employers, Best Large Employers, Best Employers for Diversity, Best Employers for Women and JUST 100, and Newsweek?€?s Most Responsible Companies.
No Description Available
Landec Corporation is a leading innovator of diversified health and wellness solutions with two operating businesses: Curation Foods, Inc. and Lifecore Biomedical, Inc. Landec designs, develops, manufactures, and sells products for the food and biopharmaceutical industry. Curation Foods is focused on innovating and distributing plant-based foods with 100% clean ingredients to retail, club and foodservice channels throughout North America. Curation Foods is able to maximize product freshness through its geographically dispersed family of growers, refrigerated supply chain and patented BreatheWay?? packaging technology. Curation Foods brands include Eat Smart?? fresh packaged vegetables and salads, O Olive Oil & Vinegar?? premium artisan products, and Yucatan?? and Cabo Fresh?? avocado products. Lifecore Biomedical is a fully integrated contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) that offers highly differentiated capabilities in the development, fill and finish of sterile, injectable pharmaceutical products in syringes and vials. As a leading manufacturer of premium, injectable grade Hyaluronic Acid, Lifecore brings 35 years of expertise as a partner for global and emerging biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies across multiple therapeutic categories to bring their innovations to market.
L&F Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/2 War)
Cheniere Energy, Inc. (Cheniere) is engaged in liquid natural gas LNG-related businesses. The Company owns and operates the Sabine Pass LNG terminal in Louisiana through its 59.5% ownership interest in and management agreements with Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. The Company also also own and operate the Creole Trail Pipeline, which interconnects the Sabine Pass LNG terminal with natural gas markets in North America. Approximately one-half of the receiving capacity at the Sabine Pass LNG terminal is contracted to two multinational energy companies. The Sabine Pass LNG terminal has regasification facilities owned by Cheniere Partners' wholly owned subsidiary, Sabine Pass LNG, L.P. (Sabine Pass LNG) with capacity of approximately 16.9billions of cubic feet equivalent. Cheniere Partners is developing natural gas liquefaction facilities (the Liquefaction Project) at the Sabine Pass LNG terminal adjacent to the existing regasification facilities.
Lindsay Corporation is a leading global manufacturer and distributor of irrigation and infrastructure equipment and technology. Established in 1955, the company has been at the forefront of research and development of innovative solutions to meet the food, fuel, fiber and transportation needs of the world's rapidly growing population. The Lindsay family of irrigation brands includes Zimmatic??? center pivot and lateral move agricultural irrigation systems and FieldNET??? remote irrigation management and scheduling technology as well as irrigation consulting and design and industrial IoT solutions. Also a global leader in the transportation industry, Lindsay Transportation Solutions manufactures equipment to improve road safety and keep traffic moving on the world's roads, bridges and tunnels, through the Barrier Systems???, Road Zipper??? and Snoline??? brands.
LENSAR Inc
Alliant Energy is the parent company of two public utility companies - Interstate Power and Light Company and Wisconsin Power and Light Company - and of Alliant Energy Finance, LLC, the parent company of Alliant Energy?€?s non-utility operations. Alliant Energy is an energy-services provider with utility subsidiaries serving approximately 970,000 electric and 420,000 natural gas customers. Providing its customers in the Midwest with regulated electricity and natural gas service is the Company?€?s primary focus. Alliant Energy, headquartered in Madison, Wisconsin, is a component of the S&P 500 and is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol LNT.
Lantheus Holdings, Inc. is the parent company of Lantheus Medical Imaging, Inc. and Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and a global leader in the development, manufacture and commercialization of innovative diagnostic and therapeutic agents and products. Lantheus provides a broad portfolio of products, including the echocardiography agent DEFINITY ?? Vial for (Perflutren Lipid Microsphere) Injectable Suspension; TechneLite ?? (Technetium Tc99m Generator), a technetium-based generator that provides the essential medical isotope used in nuclear medicine procedures; AZEDRA ?? for the treatment of certain rare neuroendocrine tumors; and RELISTOR ?? for the treatment of opioid-induced constipation, which is partnered with Bausch Health Companies, Inc. The Company is headquartered in North Billerica, Massachusetts with offices in New York, New Jersey, Puerto Rico, Canada and Sweden.

Longevity Acquisition Corp - Tradeable Rights - Oct 2018
Longevity Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord 1 Rts & 1 War)
Longevity Acquisition Corp - Warrants (29/08/2024)

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. Units each consisting of one share of Common Stock and threefourths of one Redeemable Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock
Live Oak Acquisition Corp. Redeemable Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50
Manhattan Bridge Capital, Inc. offers short-term secured, non?€?banking loans (sometimes referred to as ?€?hard money?€? loans) to real estate investors to fund their acquisition, renovation, rehabilitation or improvement of properties located in the New York metropolitan area, including New Jersey and Connecticut, and in Florida. We operate the web site: https://www.manhattanbridgecapital.com.
Live Oak Bancshares, Inc. is a financial holding company and the parent company of Live Oak Bank. Live Oak Bancshares and its subsidiaries partner with businesses that share a groundbreaking focus on service and technology to redefine banking.
El Pollo Loco is the nation?€?s leading fire-grilled chicken restaurant with a mission to bring people together around food, family, and culture in the communities it serves. El Pollo Loco is renowned for its handcrafted L.A. Mex food, an innovative blend of traditional Mexican cuisine and better-for-you eating, that Los Angeles is known for. Since 1980, El Pollo Loco has successfully opened and maintained more than 465 company-owned and franchised restaurants in Arizona, California, Nevada, Texas, Utah, and Louisiana while remaining true to its Mexican-American heritage. El Pollo Loco continues to grow and evolve, nourishing connections to tradition, culture, and one another through fire-grilled goodness that makes us feel like familia.
Comstock Mining Inc. is a Nevada-based, precious and strategic metal-based exploration, economic resource development, mineral production and metal processing business with a strategic focus on high-value, cash-generating, environmentally friendly, and economically enhancing mining and processing technologies and businesses. The Company has extensive, contiguous property in the historic Comstock and Silver City mining districts (collectively, the ?€?Comstock District?€?) and is an emerging leader in sustainable, responsible mining and processing, and is currently commercializing environment-enhancing, metal-based technologies, products, and processes for precious and strategic metals recovery.
LOGIC Devices Incorporated develops and markets digital integrated circuits and integrated modules that perform storage and signal/image processing functions worldwide. The company??s products include chips that are used in digital communications, broadcast and medical imaging processing applications, instrumentation, and smart weapons systems. Its products enable video display, transport, editing, composition, special effects, and storage of electronic information; and address memory, digital signal processing, and arithmetic computation. The company provides solutions for digital filtering in television broadcast stations, and image enhancement in medical diagnostic scanning and imaging equipment. Its products are used in video broadcasting, medical imaging, military, industrial, embedded, and telecommunications markets. The company markets its products directly, as well as through sales representatives, distributors, and agents. LOGIC Devices Incorporated was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California.
Logitech designs products that have an everyday place in people's lives, connecting them to the digital experiences they care about. More than 35 years ago, Logitech started connecting people through computers, and now it?€?s a multi-brand company designing products that bring people together through music, gaming, video, and computing. Brands of Logitech include Logitech, Logitech G, ASTRO Gaming, Streamlabs, Ultimate Ears, Jaybird and Blue Microphones. Founded in 1981, and headquartered in Lausanne, Switzerland, Logitech International is a Swiss public company listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (LOGN) and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (LOGI). Find Logitech at www.logitech.com, the company blog or @Logitech.
Loma Negra Compa??a Industrial Argentina Sociedad An?nima ADS
LoopNet, Inc. is a United States-based Company, which provides and hosts online commercial real estate exchange via the Internet. The Company delivers a suite of products and services that meet the national and local needs of commercial real estate firms, organizations and professionals. It operates a commercial real estate listing service online.
Grand Canyon Education (GCE), incorporated in 2008, is a publicly traded education services company that currently provides services to 18 university partners. GCE is uniquely positioned in the education services industry in that its leadership has 30 years of proven expertise in providing a full array of support services in the post-secondary education sector and has developed significant technological solutions, infrastructure and operational processes to provide superior services in these areas on a large scale. GCE provides services that support students, faculty and staff of partner institutions such as marketing, strategic enrollment management, counseling services, financial services, technology, technical support, compliance, human resources, classroom operations, content development, faculty recruitment and training, among others.
Loral Space & Communications Inc. (Loral) is a holding company. Loral is a satellite communications company engaged in satellite manufacturing with ownership interests in satellite-based communications services. The Company operates in two segments: Satellite Manufacturing and Satellite Services. Space Systems/Loral, Inc. (SS/L) designs and manufactures satellites, space systems and space system components for commercial and government customers. Loral participates in satellite services operations principally through its 64% interest in Telesat Holdings Inc. The Company own 56% of XTAR, LLC (XTAR), a joint venture between Loral and Hisdesat Servicios Estrategicos, S.A. (Hisdesat). XTAR owns and operates an X-band satellite, XTAR-EUR. On April 11, 2011, Telesat acquired from Loral the Canadian payload on the ViaSat-1 satellite and a 15-year revenue contract with Xplornet Communications Inc. to make use of the payload.
Spark Networks SE is America's second largest dating company, listed on the New York Stock Exchange American under the ticker symbol "LOV," with headquarters in??Berlin, Germany, and offices in??New York??and??Utah. The Company's widening portfolio of premium and freemium dating apps include Zoosk, EliteSingles, Christian Mingle, Jdate, JSwipe, SilverSingles and eDarling, among others. Spark Networks SE in its current form is the result of the merger between Affinitas GmbH and Spark Networks, Inc. in 2017 and the addition of Zoosk, Inc. in 2019. Spark Networks has approximately one million monthly paying subscribers globally.
Based in Stamford, Connecticut, The Lovesac Company is a technology driven company that designs, manufactures and sells unique, high quality furniture derived through its proprietary "Designed for Life" approach which results in products that are built to last a lifetime and designed to evolve as our customers' lives do. Our current product offering is comprised of modular couches called Sactionals, premium foam beanbag chairs called Sacs, and their associated home decor accessories. Innovation is at the center of our design philosophy with all of our core products protected by a robust portfolio of utility patents. We market and sell our products primarily online directly at www.lovesac.com, supported by direct-to-consumer touch-feel points in the form of our own showrooms as well as through shop-in-shops and pop-up-shops with third party retailers. SOURCE Lovesac
Lowe's Companies, Inc. (Lowe's) is a home improvement retailer. As of February 3, 2012, Lowe's operated 1,745 stores, consisted of 1,712 stores across 50 United States, 31 stores in Canada and two stores in Mexico. Its 1,745 stores represent approximately 197 million square feet of retail selling space. The Company serves homeowners, renters and commercial business customers. Individual homeowners and renters complete an array of projects and vary along the spectrum of do-it-yourself (DIY) and do-it-for-me (DIFM). Commercial business customers include those who work in construction, repair/remodel, commercial and residential property management, or business maintenance professions. During the fiscal year ended February 3, 2012 (fiscal 2011), it opened 25 stores, which included the relocation of two existing stores. Seven of the stores were opened in Canada. In August 2013, the Company acquired the majority of assets of Orchard Supply Hardware, including 72 Orchard stores.
Lipocine Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on metabolic and endocrine disorders using its proprietary drug delivery technologies. Lipocine's clinical development pipeline includes: TLANDO, LPCN 1144, TLANDO XR, LPCN 1148 and LPCN 1107. TLANDO, a novel oral prodrug of testosterone containing testosterone undecanoate, is designed to help restore normal testosterone levels in hypogonadal men. Lipocine has resubmitted its NDA to the FDA for TLANDO. LPCN 1144, an oral product of bioidentical testosterone, recently completed a proof-of-concept clinical study demonstrating the potential utility in the treatment of non-cirrhotic NASH. LPCN 1144 is currently being studied in a Phase 2 clinical study. TLANDO XR, a novel oral prodrug of testosterone, originated and is being developed by Lipocine as a next-generation oral testosterone product with potential for once-daily dosing. In a phase 2 clinical evaluation when administered as once daily or twice daily TLANDO XR met the typical primary and secondary end points. LPCN 1148 is an oral prodrug of bioidentical testosterone targeted for the treatment of cirrhosis. LPCN 1107 is potentially the first oral hydroxyprogesterone caproate product candidate, with end of phase 2 meeting completed, indicated for the prevention of recurrent preterm birth and has been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA.
Dorian LPG is a liquefied petroleum gas shipping company and a leading owner and operator of modern VLGCs. Dorian LPG's fleet currently consists of 24 modern VLGCs. Dorian LPG has offices in?€?Stamford, Connecticut, USA;?€?London, United Kingdom ; Copenhagen, Denmark ; and Athens,?€?Greece.
Laredo Petroleum Holdings, Inc. (Laredo) is an independent energy company focused on the exploration, development and acquisition of oil and natural gas in the Permian and Mid-Continent regions of the United States. The Company's activities are primarily focused in the Wolfberry and deeper horizons of the Permian Basin in West Texas and the Anadarko Granite Wash in the Texas Panhandle and Western Oklahoma, where it has assembled 134,680 net acres and 37,850 net acres, respectively, as of December 31, 2011. As of December 31, 2011, Laredo had drilled 29 gross horizontal wells in the Permian and 12 gross horizontal wells in the Anadarko Granite Wash. On July 1, 2011, it completed the acquisition of Broad Oak Energy, Inc. (Broad Oak), which became a wholly owned subsidiary of Laredo Petroleum, Inc. On July 19, 2011, it changed the name of Broad Oak to Laredo Petroleum-Dallas, Inc.
LG Display Co., Ltd. [NYSE: LPL, KRX: 034220] is the world's leading innovator of display technologies, including thin-film transistor liquid crystal and OLED displays. The company manufactures display panels in a broad range of sizes and specifications primarily for use in TVs, notebook computers, desktop monitors, and various other applications, including tablets and mobile devices. LG Display currently operates manufacturing facilities in Korea and China, and??back-end assembly facilities in Korea, China, and Vietnam. The company has approximately 59,000 employees operating worldwide.
LPL Financial ( https://www.lpl.com ) is a leader in the retail financial advice market and the nation?€?s largest independent broker-dealer**. We serve independent financial advisors, professionals, and financial institutions, providing them with the technology, research, clearing and compliance services, and practice management programs they need to create and grow thriving practices. LPL enables them to provide objective guidance to millions of American families seeking wealth management, retirement planning, financial planning and asset management solutions. Maverick Partners Wealth Management, Gladstone Wealth Partners and LPL Financial are separate entities. *Based on prior business and represents assets that would have been custodied at LPL Financial, rather than third-party custodians. Reported assets and client numbers have not been independently and fully verified by LPL Financial. **Based on total revenues, Financial Planning magazine June 1996-2020 Throughout this communication, the terms ?€?financial advisors?€? and ?€?advisors?€? include registered representatives and/or investment adviser representatives affiliated with LPL Financial LLC, an SEC registered broker-dealer and investment adviser. The Forbes Best-In-State Wealth Advisor ranking, developed by SHOOK Research, is based on in-person and telephone due diligence meetings and a ranking algorithm that includes: client retention, industry experience, review of compliance records, firm nominations; and quantitative criteria, including: assets under management and revenue generated for their firms. Portfolio performance is not a criterion due to varying client objectives and lack of audited data. Neither Forbes nor SHOOK Research receives a fee in exchange for rankings.
Nebula Acquisition Corp
LivePerson makes life easier for people and brands everywhere through trusted conversational AI. Our 18,000 customers, including leading brands like HSBC, Orange, GM Financial, and The Home Depot, use our conversational solutions to orchestrate humans and AI, at scale, and create a convenient, deeply personal relationship ?€? a conversational relationship ?€? with their millions of consumers. LivePerson was named to Fast Company 's World's Most Innovative Companies list in 2020.
LightPath Technologies, Inc. is a leading global, vertically integrated provider of optics, photonics and infrared solutions for the industrial, commercial, defense, telecommunications, and medical industries. LightPath designs and manufactures proprietary optical and infrared components including molded glass aspheric lenses and assemblies, infrared lenses and thermal imaging assemblies, fused fiber collimators, and proprietary Black DiamondTM ("BD6") chalcogenide-based glass lenses. LightPath also offers custom optical assemblies, including full engineering design support. The Company is headquartered in Orlando, Florida, with manufacturing and sales offices in Latvia and China. LightPath's wholly-owned subsidiary, ISP Optics Corporation, manufactures a full range of infrared products from high performance MWIR and LWIR lenses and lens assemblies. ISP's infrared lens assembly product line includes athermal lens systems used in cooled and un-cooled thermal imaging cameras. Manufacturing is performed in-house to provide precision optical components including spherical, aspherical and diffractive coated infrared lenses. ISP's optics processes allow it to manufacture its products from all important types of infrared materials and crystals. Manufacturing processes include CNC grinding and CNC polishing, diamond turning, continuous and conventional polishing, optical contacting and advanced coating technologies.

As a leader in high-performance building solutions, Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LP Building Solutions, NYSE: LPX) manufactures engineered wood building products that meet the demands of builders worldwide. Its extensive offerings include innovative and dependable building products and accessories, such as the LP Structural Solutions portfolio (LP WeatherLogic ?? Air & Water Barrier, LP Legacy ?? Premium Sub-Flooring, LP ?? TechShield ?? Radiant Barrier, LP ?? FlameBlock ?? Fire-Rated Sheathing and more), oriented strand board (OSB), LP ?? TopNotch ?? Sub-Flooring, LP ?? SmartSide ?? Trim & Siding, LP ?? Outdoor Building Solutions ??, and LP Elements ?? Performance Fencing. In addition to product solutions, LP provides industry-leading service and warranties. Since its founding in 1973, LP has been Building a Better World ??? by helping customers construct beautiful, durable homes. Headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee, LP operates 25 plants across the U.S., Canada, Chile and Brazil.
Liquidia Technologies Inc
GovDeals is a marketplace of Liquidity Services. Liquidity Services operates a network of leading e-commerce marketplaces that enable buyers and sellers to transact in an efficient, automated environment offering over 500 product categories. The company employs innovative e-commerce marketplace solutions to manage, value and sell inventory and equipment for business and government sellers. Our superior service, unmatched scale, and ability to deliver results enable us to forge trusted, long-term relationships with over 14,000 sellers worldwide. With over $8 billion in completed transactions, and over 3.6 million buyers in almost 200 countries and territories, we are the proven leader in delivering smart commerce solutions.
Lam Research Corporation is a global supplier of innovative wafer fabrication equipment and services to the semiconductor industry. As a trusted, collaborative partner to the world?€?s leading semiconductor companies, we combine superior systems engineering capability, technology leadership, and unwavering commitment to customer success to accelerate innovation through enhanced device performance. In fact, today, nearly every advanced chip is built with Lam technology. Lam Research is a FORTUNE 500 ?? company headquartered in Fremont, Calif., with operations around the globe.
Zafgen is a biopharmaceutical company that has leveraged its proprietary MetAP2 biology platform to pioneer the study of MetAP2 inhibitors in both common and rare metabolic disorders.
K12 Inc. helps students of all ages reach their full potential through inspired teaching and personalized learning. The company provides innovative, high-quality online and blended education solutions, curriculum, and programs to students, schools, and enterprises in primary, secondary, and post-secondary settings. K12 is a premier provider of career readiness education services and a leader in skills training, technology staffing, and talent development. The company provides programs which combine traditional high school academics with career technical education through its Destinations Career Academies. Adult learning is delivered through K12?€?s subsidiary, Galvanize, a leader in developing capabilities for individuals and corporations in technical fields such as software engineering and data science. K12 has delivered millions of courses over the past two decades and serves students in all 50 states and more than 100 countries. The company is a proud sponsor of the Future of School, a nonprofit organization dedicated to closing the gap between the pace of technology in daily life and the pace of change in education.

Lifesci Acquisition Corp Units 1 Ordinary share & 1 War
LifeSci Acquisition Corp Wt Exp 02142025
LifeSci Acquisition II Corp
Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc. (Lake Shore Bancorp) is a savings and loan holding company. The Company is a bank holding company of Lake Shore Savings Bank (Lake Shore Savings or the Bank). The Company's principal business consists of attracting retail deposits from the general public in the areas surrounding its corporate headquarters and main office in Dunkirk, New York and nine other branch offices in Chautauqua and Erie Counties, New York and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations, primarily in one- to four-family residential mortgage loans, commercial real estate loans, home equity loans and lines of credit and, to a lesser extent, commercial business loans, consumer loans, and investment securities. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company had six automated teller machines (ATMs). In November 2012, the Bank purchased the former First Niagara Bank branch office located at 4950 Main Street in Snyder, New York.
Lattice Semiconductor is the low power programmable leader. We solve customer problems across the network, from the Edge to the Cloud, in the growing communications, computing, industrial, automotive, and consumer markets. Our technology, long-standing relationships, and commitment to world-class support lets our customers quickly and easily unleash their innovation to create a smart, secure and connected world.
Laird Superfood Inc
Historical stock prices for Lsi Logic Corp. (LSI). LSI Corporation (LSI) designs, develops and markets storage and networking semiconductors. The Company offers a portfolio of capabilities, including custom and standard product integrated circuits that are used in hard disk drives, solid state drives, high-speed communications systems, computer servers, storage systems and personal computers. LSI provides products for original equipment manufacturer (OEM), companies, in the server, storage and networking industries. In May 2011, LSI sold its external storage systems business to NetApp, Inc. On January 3, 2012, the Company acquired SandForce, Inc. The storage products provides secure movement of digital data to and from host machines, such as servers, personal computers and storage systems to the underlying storage devices, such as hard disk drives, tape drives and flash solutions.
Lightspeed (NYSE and TSX: LSPD) powers complex small and medium-sized businesses with its cloud-based, omnichannel commerce platforms in over 100 countries. With smart, scalable, and dependable point of sale systems, Lightspeed provides all-in-one solutions that drive innovation and digital transformation within the retail, hospitality, and golf industries. Its product suite enables SMBs to sell across channels, manage operations, engage with consumers, accept payments, and ultimately grow their business. Headquartered in Montreal, Canada, Lightspeed is trusted by favorite local businesses worldwide, where their communities go to shop and dine. Lightspeed has staff located in Canada, USA, Europe, and Australia.
Landstar System, Inc. is a worldwide, asset-light provider of integrated transportation management solutions delivering safe, specialized transportation services to a broad range of customers utilizing a network of agents, third-party capacity providers and employees. Landstar transportation services companies are certified to ISO 9001:2015 quality management system standards and RC14001:2015 environmental, health, safety and security management system standards. Landstar System, Inc. is headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida. Its common stock trades on The NASDAQ Stock Market?? under the symbol LSTR. Landstar System, Inc. and Subsidiary Consolidated Statements of Income (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Thirty Nine Weeks Ended Thirteen Weeks Ended September 26, September 28, September 26, September 28, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Revenue $ 2,836,626 $ 3,089,698 $ 1,085,546 $ 1,011,658 Investment income 2,716 3,736 714 1,315 Costs and expenses: Purchased transportation 2,183,143 2,365,646 838,753 774,520 Commissions to agents 236,490 257,862 85,848 84,568 Other operating costs, net of gains/losses on asset sales/dispositions 23,035 28,531 7,361 10,431 Insurance and claims 66,563 55,248 21,855 23,969 Selling, general and administrative 124,779 120,717 38,851 38,152 Depreciation and amortization 34,212 33,045 11,240 10,695 Impairment of intangible and other assets 2,582 - - - Total costs and expenses 2,670,804 2,861,049 1,003,908 942,335 Operating income 168,538 232,385 82,352 70,638 Interest and debt expense 2,936 2,278 1,008 764 Income before income taxes 165,602 230,107 81,344 69,874 Income taxes 38,567 52,452 19,458 16,619 Net income 127,035 177,655 61,886 53,255 Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest - (17 ) - - Net income attributable to Landstar System, Inc. and subsidiary $ 127,035 $ 177,672 $ 61,886 $ 53,255 Earnings per common share attributable to Landstar System, Inc. and subsidiary $ 3.28 $ 4.45 $ 1.61 $ 1.35 Diluted earnings per share attributable to Landstar System, Inc. and subsidiary $ 3.28 $ 4.45 $ 1.61 $ 1.35 Average number of shares outstanding: Earnings per common share 38,673,000 39,891,000 38,386,000 39,566,000 Diluted earnings per share 38,673,000 39,891,000 38,386,000 39,566,000 Dividends per common share $ 0.580 $ 0.515 $ 0.210 $ 0.185 Landstar System, Inc. and Subsidiary Consolidated Balance Sheets (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) September 26, December 28, 2020 2019 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 218,554 $ 319,515 Short-term investments 39,068 32,901 Trade accounts receivable, less allowance of $8,120 and $7,284 637,908 588,549 Other receivables, including advances to independent contractors, less allowance of $8,827 and $7,667 40,550 35,553 Other current assets 27,989 21,370 Total current assets 964,069 997,888 Operating property, less accumulated depreciation and amortization of $291,159 and $280,849 279,495 285,855 Goodwill 40,251 38,508 Other assets 108,390 105,460 Total assets $ 1,392,205 $ 1,427,711 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Cash overdraft $ 47,459 $ 53,878 Accounts payable 339,798 271,996 Current maturities of long-term debt 34,723 42,632 Insurance claims 46,019 44,532 Dividends payable - 78,947 Contractor escrow 28,345 24,902 Other current liabilities 47,206 36,017 Total current liabilities 543,550 552,904 Long-term debt, excluding current maturities 52,570 70,212 Insurance claims 36,344 33,575 Deferred income taxes and other non-current liabilities 54,107 49,551 Shareholders' equity: Common stock, $0.01 par value, authorized 160,000,000 shares, issued 68,181,418 and 68,083,419 shares 682 681 Additional paid-in capital 226,878 226,123 Retained earnings 2,065,999 1,962,161 Cost of 29,797,639 and 28,609,926 shares of common stock in treasury (1,581,961 ) (1,465,284 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (5,964 ) (2,212 ) Total shareholders' equity 705,634 721,469 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 1,392,205 $ 1,427,711 Landstar System, Inc. and Subsidiary Supplemental Information (Unaudited) Thirty Nine Weeks Ended Thirteen Weeks Ended September 26, September 28, September 26, September 28, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Revenue generated through (in thousands): Truck transportation Truckload: Van equipment $ 1,694,916 $ 1,799,421 $ 666,582 $ 575,042 Unsided/platform equipment 848,187 980,615 314,471 331,787 Less-than-truckload 70,984 73,475 25,125 25,367 Total truck transportation 2,614,087 2,853,511 1,006,178 932,196 Rail intermodal 81,747 87,555 30,432 28,970 Ocean and air cargo carriers 89,002 89,258 31,752 30,365 Other (1) 51,790 59,374 17,184 20,127 $ 2,836,626 $ 3,089,698 $ 1,085,546 $ 1,011,658 Revenue on loads hauled via BCO Independent Contractors (2) included in total truck transportation $ 1,312,003 $ 1,390,135 $ 502,224 $ 466,207 Number of loads: Truck transportation Truckload: Van equipment 946,117 1,014,572 345,598 327,671 Unsided/platform equipment 356,670 391,112 125,548 130,192 Less-than-truckload 119,533 115,616 41,454 41,067 Total truck transportation 1,422,320 1,521,300 512,600 498,930 Rail intermodal 33,410 35,370 11,900 11,490 Ocean and air cargo carriers 22,720 22,150 8,290 7,340 1,478,450 1,578,820 532,790 517,760 Loads hauled via BCO Independent Contractors (2) included in total truck transportation 693,860 722,870 250,030 239,210 Revenue per load: Truck transportation Truckload: Van equipment $ 1,791 $ 1,774 $ 1,929 $ 1,755 Unsided/platform equipment 2,378 2,507 2,505 2,548 Less-than-truckload 594 636 606 618 Total truck transportation 1,838 1,876 1,963 1,868 Rail intermodal 2,447 2,475 2,557 2,521 Ocean and air cargo carriers 3,917 4,030 3,830 4,137 Revenue per load on loads hauled via BCO Independent Contractors (2) $ 1,891 $ 1,923 $ 2,009 $ 1,949 Revenue by capacity type (as a % of total revenue); Truck capacity providers: BCO Independent Contractors (2) 46 % 45 % 46 % 46 % Truck Brokerage Carriers 46 % 47 % 46 % 46 % Rail intermodal 3 % 3 % 3 % 3 % Ocean and air cargo carriers 3 % 3 % 3 % 3 % Other 2 % 2 % 2 % 2 % September 26, September 28, 2020 2019 Truck Capacity Providers BCO Independent Contractors (2) 9,866 9,738 Truck Brokerage Carriers: Approved and active (3) 41,246 39,963 Other approved 22,181 16,984 63,427 56,947 Total available truck capacity providers 73,293 66,685 Trucks provided by BCO Independent Contractors (2) 10,571 10,441 (1) Includes primarily reinsurance premium revenue generated by the insurance segment and intra-Mexico transportation services revenue generated by??Landstar Metro. (2) BCO Independent Contractors are independent contractors who provide truck capacity to the Company under exclusive lease arrangements. (3) Active refers to Truck Brokerage Carriers who moved at least one load in the 180 days immediately preceding the fiscal quarter end.

Liberty Media Corporation, through its subsidiaries, engages in the media and entertainment businesses primarily in North America. The company transmits its music, sports, entertainment, comedy, talk, news, traffic, and weather channels, as well as infotainment services on a subscription fee basis through its satellite radio systems; provides connected vehicle applications and services to enhance the safety, security, and driving experience for vehicle operators; streams music and non-music channels over the Internet; and distributes satellite radios and accessories primarily through automakers, retail stores, and Website. It also offers other services, such as commercial subscription accounts directly, as well as through providers of in-store entertainment solutions; satellite television services; Travel Link, a suite of data services that includes graphical weather, fuel prices, sports schedules and scores, and movie listings; and real time traffic and weather services. In addition, the company owns and operates the Atlanta Braves Major League Baseball franchise; six minor league baseball clubs, including the Gwinnett Braves, the Mississippi Braves, the Carolina Mudcats, the Rome Braves, the Danville Braves, and the GCL Braves; and a baseball academy in the Dominican Republic. Further, it licenses its technology to various electronics manufacturers to develop, manufacture, and distribute radios under certain brands. Liberty Media Corporation is headquartered in Englewood, Colorado.

Lightbridge is an advanced nuclear fuel technology development company based in Reston, Virginia, United States. The Company is developing Lightbridge Fuel???, a proprietary next-generation nuclear fuel technology for current and future reactors, which significantly enhances the economics, safety, and proliferation resistance of nuclear power. Lightbridge invented, patented, and has independently validated its technology, with goals of preventing climate change and enhancing national security. The Company has assembled a world-class development team. Four large electric utilities that generate about half of America?€?s nuclear power advise Lightbridge on fuel development and deployment. The Company plans to operate under a licensing and royalty model and based on the increased power generated by Lightbridge-designed fuel, expects to offer high ROI for operators of existing and new reactors.
LTC is a real estate investment trust (REIT) investing in seniors housing and health care properties primarily through sale-leasebacks, mortgage financing, joint-ventures and structured finance solutions including preferred equity and mezzanine lending. LTC holds 180 investments in 27 states with 29 operating partners. The portfolio is comprised of investments of approximately 50% seniors housing and 50% skilled nursing properties.
Livent Corporation Additional Shares When Issued
Lantern Pharma Inc
Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. engages in the on-line travel research and on-line commerce businesses. It supplies costumes for various occasions, accessories, and party supplies through BuyCostumes.com and the Celebrate Express family of Websites. The company??s travel research platform aggregates reviews and opinions from a community of travelers about destinations, accommodations, activities and attractions, and restaurants worldwide; and helps users plan their trip through its tripadvisor.com and daodao.com Websites. It also operates and manages travel media brands, providing travel-planning and travel-taking resources in the travel industry; and provides click-based advertising and display-based advertising services. In addition, the company offers subscription-based advertising products to hotels, B&Bs, and other specialty lodging properties; and hotel room booking services under the Jetsetter and Tingo brands; makes rentals available through its vacation rental business; sells destination activities through Viator; and online restaurant reservations through Lafourchette. Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. is based in Englewood, Colorado.
Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings Inc.
Open-Q 626 ??SOM Development Kit The Lantronix Open-Q 626 production-ready ??SOM is based on the Qualcomm ?? APQ8053-Pro SoC processor. The Lantronix Open-Q 626 ??SOM Development Kit is a cost-effective, feature-rich, camera-tuned, exposed board platform powered by the Open-Q 626 production-ready ??SOM. It is ideal for evaluation of the??Open-Q 626 ??SOM as well as quick development of connected camera devices or other high-performance embedded products. About Lantronix Lantronix Inc. is a global provider of software as a service (SaaS), engineering services and hardware for Edge Computing, the Internet of Things (IoT) and Remote Environment Management (REM). Lantronix Inc. is a global provider of software as a service (SaaS), engineering services and hardware for Edge Computing, the Internet of Things (IoT) and Remote Environment Management (REM). Lantronix enables its customers to provide reliable and secure solutions while accelerating their time to market. Lantronix?€?s products and services dramatically simplify operations through the creation, development, deployment and management of customer projects at scale while providing quality, reliability and security. Lantronix?€?s portfolio of services and products address each layer of the IoT Stack, including Collect, Connect, Compute, Control and Comprehend, enabling its customers to deploy successful IoT and REM solutions. Lantronix?€?s services and products deliver a holistic approach, addressing its customers?€? needs by integrating a SaaS management platform with custom application development layered on top of external and embedded hardware, enabling intelligent edge computing, secure communications (wired, Wi-Fi and cellular), location and positional tracking and environmental sensing and reporting. With three decades of proven experience in creating robust industry and customer-specific solutions, Lantronix is an innovator in enabling its customers to build new business models, leverage greater efficiencies and realize the possibilities of IoT and REM. Lantronix?€?s solutions are deployed inside millions of machines at data centers, offices and remote sites serving a wide range of industries, including energy, agriculture, medical, security, manufacturing, distribution, transportation, retail, financial, environmental, infrastructure and government.
Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. 7.00% Senior Notes due 2028
Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc 6.50% Senior Notes due 2027
Lufax Holding Ltd
operated 125 restaurants nationally as of August 19, 2019 : 79 Luby's Cafeterias, 45 Fuddruckers, and one Cheeseburger in Paradise restaurant. Luby's is the franchisor for 102 Fuddruckers franchise locations across the United States (including Puerto Rico ), Canada, Mexico, and Panama. Luby's Culinary Contract Services provides food service management to 32 sites consisting of healthcare, corporate dining locations, sports stadiums, and sales through retail grocery stores. SOURCE Fuddruckers Related Links http://www.fuddruckers.com
lululemon athletica inc. is a designer and retailer of technical athletic apparel operating primarily in North America and Australia. The Company's yoga-inspired apparel is marketed under the lululemon athletica brand name. The Company offers a range of performance apparel and accessories for women, men and female youth. Its apparel assortment, including items, such as fitness pants, shorts, tops and jackets, is designed for healthy lifestyle activities such as yoga, running and general fitness. The Company's fitness-related accessories include an array of items, such as bags, socks, underwear, yoga mats, instructional yoga digital versatile discs (DVDs) and water bottles. As of January 29, 2012, its branded apparel was principally sold through 174 stores that are located in Canada, the United States, Australia and New Zealand.
CenturyLink is a technology leader delivering hybrid networking, cloud connectivity, and security solutions to customers around the world. Through its extensive global fiber network, CenturyLink provides secure and reliable services to meet the growing digital demands of businesses and consumers. CenturyLink strives to be the trusted connection to the networked world and is focused on delivering technology that enhances the customer experience.
NewLink Genetics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company that has historically focused on developing novel immunotherapeutic products for the treatment of patients with cancer. On September 30, 2019, NewLink announced its intent to merge with Lumos Pharma, a private clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company targeting rare and neglected diseases. At the close of the proposed merger, the combined company will operate as Lumos Pharma, which is expected to focus initially on Lumos Pharma's product candidate, LUM-201 (ibutamoren), an oral growth hormone (GH) secretagogue targeting pediatric growth hormone deficiency (PGHD) and other rare endocrine disorders. If approved, LUM-201 has the potential to become the first orally administered growth hormone stimulating therapy for PGHD, an established market where daily recombinant human growth hormone injections represent the current standard-of-care treatment regimen.
Luna Innovations Incorporated is engaged in developing, manufacturing and marketing fiber optic test and measurement, sensing, and instrumentation products. The Company operates in two segments: its Products and Licensing segment and its Technology Development segment. The Company's Products and Licensing segment develops, manufactures and markets the Company's fiber optic test and measurement, sensing, and instrumentation products and also conducts applied research in the fiber optic sensing area for both corporate and government customers. The Company's Technology Development segment performs applied research for government funded projects and includes the Company's secure computing and communications group (SCC). In March 2013, it announced the sale of its Secure Computing and Communications (SCC) group to MacAulay-Brown, Inc.
Pulmonx ?? Corporation is a commercial-stage medical technology company that provides minimally invasive treatment for patients with severe emphysema, a form of COPD. The Pulmonx solution, which is comprised of the Zephyr ?? Endobronchial Valve (Zephyr Valve), the Chartis ?? Pulmonary Assessment System (Chartis System) and the StratX ?? Lung Analysis Platform, is designed to treat severe emphysema/COPD patients who, despite medical management, are still profoundly symptomatic. Pulmonx received FDA pre-market approval to commercialize the Zephyr Valve following its designation as a ?€?breakthrough device.?€? The Zephyr Valve is now commercially available in more than 25 countries, with over 80,000 valves used to treat more than 20,000 patients.
Southwest Airlines Co. operates Southwest Airlines, a passenger airline, which provides scheduled air transportation in the United States. As of December 31, 2011, the Company was serving 72 cities in 37 states throughout the United States. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company added addition services in two new states and three new cities: Charleston, South Carolina; Greenville-Spartanburg, South Carolina; and Newark, New Jersey. Southwest provides point-to-point. On May 2, 2011, the Company acquired AirTran Holdings, Inc. (AirTran). In December 2013, Southwest Airlines Co acquired 12 takeoff and landing slots at New York's LaGuardia Airport being divested by American Airlines as part of its merger with US Airways.
Lux Health Tech Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
LVS ) Las Vegas Sands??is the world's pre-eminent developer and operator of world-class Integrated Resorts. We deliver unrivaled economic benefits to the communities in which we operate. LVS created the meetings, incentives, convention and exhibition (MICE)-based Integrated Resort. Our industry-leading Integrated Resorts provide substantial contributions to our host communities including growth in leisure and business tourism, sustained job creation and ongoing financial opportunities for local small and medium-sized businesses. Our properties include The Venetian Resort and Sands Expo in Las Vegas and the iconic Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. Through majority ownership in Sands China Ltd., we have developed the largest portfolio of properties on the Cotai Strip in Macao, including The Venetian Macao, The Plaza and Four Seasons Hotel Macao, Sands Cotai Central and The Parisian Macao, as well as the Sands Macao on the Macao Peninsula. Sands is dedicated to being a good corporate citizen, anchored by the core tenets of serving people, planet and communities. We deliver a great working environment for our team members worldwide, drive social impact through the Sands Cares charitable giving and community engagement program and lead in environmental performance through the award-winning Sands ECO360 global sustainability program.
Lamb Weston, along with its joint venture partners, is a leading supplier of frozen potato, sweet potato, appetizer and vegetable products to restaurants and retailers around the world. For more than 60 years, Lamb Weston has led the industry in innovation, introducing inventive products that simplify back-of-house management for our customers and make things more delicious for their customers. From the fields where Lamb Weston potatoes are grown to proactive customer partnerships, Lamb Weston always strives for more and never settles. Because, when we look at a potato, we see possibilities.
Lifeway Foods, Inc., which has been recognized as one of Forbes?€? Best Small Companies, is America?€?s leading supplier of the probiotic, fermented beverage known as kefir. In addition to its line of drinkable kefir, the company also produces cupped kefir and cheese, frozen kefir, specialty cheeses, probiotic supplements and a ProBugs line for kids. Lifeway?€?s tart and tangy fermented dairy and non-dairy products are now sold across the United States, Mexico, Ireland and the United Kingdom.
LexinFintech Holdings Ltd.??is a leading online consumption and consumer finance platform for new generation consumers in??China. The Company provides a range of services including financial technology services, membership benefits, and a point redemption system through its ecommerce platform??Fenqile??and membership platform??Le Card. The Company works with financial institutions and brands both online and offline to provide a comprehensive consumption ecosystem catering to the needs of young professionals in??China. Lexin utilizes advanced technologies such as big data, cloud computing and artificial intelligence throughout the Company's services and operations, which include risk management, loan facilitation, and the near-instantaneous matching of users?€? funding requests with offers from the Company's many funding partners.
Lixiang Education Holding Co Ltd
Luxfer is a global manufacturer of highly-engineered industrial materials, which focuses on value creation by using its broad array of technical know-how and proprietary technologies. Luxfer?€?s high-performance materials, components, and high-pressure gas containment devices are used in defense and emergency response, healthcare, transportation, and general industrial applications.
Lexington Realty Trust is a publicly traded real estate investment trust (REIT) focused on single-tenant industrial real estate investments across the United States. Lexington seeks to expand its industrial portfolio through build-to-suit transactions, sale-leaseback transactions, development projects and other transactions, including acquisitions.
Lexington Realty Trust Preferred Conv. Series C
Lexicon is a biopharmaceutical company with a mission of pioneering medicines that transform patients?€? lives. Through its Genome5000??? program, Lexicon scientists studied the role and function of nearly 5,000 genes and identified more than 100 protein targets with significant therapeutic potential in a range of diseases. Through the precise targeting of these proteins, Lexicon is pioneering the discovery and development of innovative medicines to safely and effectively treat disease. Lexicon advanced one of these medicines to market and has a pipeline of promising drug candidates in discovery and clinical and preclinical development in diabetes and metabolism, neuropathic pain and other indications.
LSB Industries, Inc., headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, manufactures and sells chemical products for the agricultural, mining, and industrial markets. The Company owns and operates facilities in Cherokee, Alabama, El Dorado, Arkansas and Pryor, Oklahoma, and operates a facility for a global chemical company in Baytown, Texas. LSB?€?s products are sold through distributors and directly to end customers throughout the United States.
LyondellBasell is one of the largest plastics, chemicals and refining companies in the world. Driven by its employees around the globe, LyondellBasell produces materials and products that are key to advancing solutions to modern challenges?€?like?€?enhancing food safety through lightweight and flexible packaging, protecting the purity of water supplies through stronger and more versatile pipes, improving the safety, comfort and fuel efficiency of many of the cars and trucks on the road, and ensuring the safe and effective functionality in electronics and appliances. LyondellBasell sells products into more than 100 countries and is the world's largest producer of polymer compounds and the largest licensor of polyolefin technologies. In 2020, LyondellBasell was named to Fortune Magazine's list of the "World's Most Admired Companies" for the third consecutive year.
Lyft was founded in 2012 by Logan Green and John Zimmer to improve people's lives with the world's best transportation, and is available to 95 percent of the United States population as well as select cities in Canada. As the world shifts away from car ownership, Lyft is at the forefront of this massive societal change. Lyft is committed to effecting positive change for our cities and making cities more livable for everyone through initiatives that bridge transportation gaps, and by promoting transportation equity through shared rides, bikeshare systems, electric scooters, and public transit partnerships. We are singularly driven by our mission: to improve people's lives with the world's best transportation.
Lloyds Banking Group plc provides a range of banking and financial services to individuals and businesses in the United Kingdom and internationally. The company operates through five segments: Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance, and TSB. The Retail segment offers a range of financial service products, including current accounts, savings, personal loans, and mortgages to wealth and small business customers. This segment also distributes insurance, protection and credit cards, and a range of long-term savings and investment products. The Commercial Banking segment provides banking and related services to business clients, small businesses, and large corporates. The Consumer Finance segment offers asset finance solutions, credit cards, and merchant services to consumers and commercial customers. The Insurance segment provides long-term savings, investment, and protection products through the bancassurance, intermediary, and direct channels; and other life and pension products, as well as home insurance products through branch network, direct channels, and strategic corporate partners. This segment offers its products under the Lloyds Bank, Halifax, Bank of Scotland brands. The TSB segment provides a range of retail banking products to retail and small business customers. Lloyds Banking Group plc was founded in 1695 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.
Incorporated in 2015 and headquartered in Hangzhou, Dragon Victory International Limited (?€?LYL?€? or the ?€?Company?€?) offers reward-based crowdfunding opportunities in China to entrepreneurs and funding sources through a fast-growing reward-based crowdfunding platform. The online reward-based crowdfunding platform, 5etou, at www.5etou.cn and designed to enable small and medium sized companies, start-up companies and idea generators to raise funding from participants through the Internet. The Company also provides quality business incubation services and financial services to entrepreneurs and business entities with funding needs utilizing our crowdfunding platform.
Lyra Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage therapeutics company focused on the development and commercialization of novel integrated drug and delivery solutions for the localized treatment of patients with ear, nose and throat diseases. The company?€?s proprietary technology platform, XTreo???, is designed to precisely and consistently deliver medicines directly to the affected tissue for sustained periods with a single administration. The company?€?s initial product candidates, LYR-210 and LYR-220, are bioresorbable polymeric matrices designed to be administered in a brief, non-invasive, in-office procedure and intended to deliver up to six months of continuous drug therapy to the sinonasal passages for the treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS). The therapeutic embedded within LYR-210 and LYR-220 is mometasone furoate, which is the active ingredient in various FDA-approved drugs and has a well-established efficacy and safety profile. CRS is an inflammatory disease of the paranasal sinuses which leads to debilitating symptoms and significant morbidities and affects approximately 14 million people in the United States. The company is advancing LYR-210 as a potential preferred alternative to surgery in an ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial for CRS patients who have failed medical management. In its Phase 1 clinical trial, LYR-210 met its primary safety endpoint, and it was observed that patients generally experienced significant and rapid, clinically meaningful and durable improvement in SNOT-22 scores, an established patient symptom severity scale, through week 25, which was the end of the trial. The company is also developing LYR-220 for use in CRS patients who have an enlarged nasal cavity due to sinus surgery but continue to require treatment to manage CRS symptoms. Beyond CRS, the company believes its XTreo platform has potential applications in other disease areas, which it is actively exploring to further broaden the platform?€?s therapeutic potential.
Headquartered in Blue Ash, Ohio (Greater Cincinnati), LSI Industries is a leading producer of high-performance, American-made lighting solutions. The Company?€?s strength in outdoor lighting applications creates opportunities for it to introduce additional solutions to its valued customers. LSI?€?s indoor and outdoor products and services, including its digital and print graphics capabilities, are valued by architects, engineers, distributors and contractors for their quality, reliability and innovation. The Company?€?s products are used extensively in automotive dealerships, petroleum stations, quick service restaurants, grocery stores and pharmacies, retail establishments, sports complexes, parking lots and garages, and commercial and industrial buildings. LSI has approximately 1,200 employees at seven manufacturing plants in the United States, including its corporate headquarters.
Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. is the world's leading live entertainment company comprised of global market leaders: Ticketmaster, Live Nation Concerts, and Live Nation Media & Sponsorship.
Headquartered in Monroe, MI, La-Z-Boy is one of the world's leading residential furniture producers. The company manufactures a full line of comfortable products for the living room and family room, including the company's world-famous recliners, reclining sofas and love seats, sleep sofas, modular furniture and leather upholstery, as well as stationary sofas, love seats and chairs. It is a division of??La-Z-Boy Incorporated, one of the world's leading residential furniture producers, marketing furniture for every room of the home. Live Life Comfortably. SM SOURCE Tipperary Sales
Macy?€?s, Inc. is one of the nation?€?s premier omni-channel fashion retailers. The company comprises three retail brands, Macy?€?s, Bloomingdale?€?s and Bluemercury. Macy?€?s, Inc. is headquartered in New York, New York.
Mastercard is a global technology company in the payments industry. Our mission is to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. With connections across more than 210 economies, we are building a sustainable world that unlocks priceless possibilities for all.
Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. (MAA) is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). It focuses on acquiring, owning and operating apartment communities in the Sunbelt region of the United States. As of December 31, 2011, it owned 100% of 160 properties representing 46,872 apartment units. Three properties include retail components with approximately 93,000 square feet of gross leasable area. It operates in three segments: large market same store communities, secondary market same store communities and non same store communities and other. In May 2013, the Company acquired Station Square at Cosner's Corner. In October 2013, Mid-America Apartment Communities Inc merged with Colonial Properties Trust. In October 2013, Mid America Apartment Communities Inc and Colonial Properties Trust announced the completion of the merger of the two companies.
Mid-America Apartment Communities Inc. 8.50% Series I Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Montes Archimedes Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/2 War)
: Macerich is a fully integrated, self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust, which focuses on the acquisition, leasing, management, development and redevelopment of regional malls throughout the United States. Macerich??currently owns 51 million square feet of real estate consisting primarily of interests in 47 regional shopping centers. Macerich??specializes in successful retail properties in many of the country's most attractive, densely populated markets with significant presence in the??West Coast,??Arizona,??Chicago??and the Metro New York to??Washington, DC??corridor. A recognized leader in sustainability,??Macerich??has achieved the #1 GRESB ranking in the North American Retail Sector for five straight years (2015 ?€? 2019).
Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company discovering, developing and preparing to commercialize medicines paired with companion diagnostics for the treatment of serious diseases, with an initial focus on cancer. The Company's product candidates include MM-398, MM-121, MM-111, MM-302 and MM-151. The Company's Network biology is an interdisciplinary approach to drug discovery and development that enables the Company to build functional and predictive computational models of biological systems based on quantitative, kinetic, multiplexed biological data. The Company provides its scientists with insights into how the complex molecular interactions that occur within cell signaling pathways, or networks, regulate cell decisions and how dysfunction within these networks leads to disease. As of June 31, 2011, the Company owned approximately 74% interest of Silver Creek.
Mallard Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord & 1 War)
Magnetek, Inc. (Magnetek) is a provider of digital power control systems that are used to control motion and power primarily in material handling, elevator, and energy delivery applications. Its products are sold directly or through manufacturers' representatives to original equipment manufacturers (OEM) for incorporation into their products, to system integrators and value-added resellers for assembly and incorporation into end user systems, to distributors for resale to OEMs and contractors, and to end-users for repair and replacement purposes. Magnetek's systems consist primarily of programmable motion control and power conditioning systems used in the applications, such as overhead cranes and hoists; elevators; coal mining equipment, and renewable energy sources. Its customers include the industrial crane and hoist companies in North America and the elevator builders.
Magal is a leading international provider of comprehensive physical, video and access control security products and solutions, as well as site management. Over the past 45 years, Magal has delivered its products as well as tailor?€?made security solutions and turnkey projects to hundreds of satisfied customers in over 80 countries ?€? under some of the most challenging conditions. Magal offers comprehensive integrated solutions for critical sites, managed by Fortis ?€? our, cutting?€?edge physical security information management system (PSIM). The solutions leverage our broad portfolio of home?€?grown PIDS (Perimeter Intrusion Detection Systems), Symphony ?€? our advanced VMS (Video Management Software) with native IVA (Intelligent Video Analytics) security solutions.
Main Street Capital Corporation (MSCC) is a principal investment firm primarily focused on providing customized debt and equity financing to lower middle market (LMM) companies, which it generally define as companies with annual revenues between $10 million and $100 million that operate in diverse industries. Main Street's LMM portfolio investments principally consist of secured debt, equity warrants and direct equity investments in privately held LMM companies. Main Street's privately placed portfolio investments consist of primarily debt investments in middle market businesses that are generally larger in size than the portfolio companies within the LMM portfolio. Its LMM portfolio investments range in size from $5 million to $25 million. Effective September 5, 2013, Main Street Capital Corp acquired TBT Holding Co Inc, a manufacturer of dump trailers, from Harbert Management Corp's Harbert Private Equity Fund II LLC subsidiary.
ManpowerGroup????, the leading global workforce solutions company, helps organizations transform in a fast-changing world of work by sourcing, assessing, developing and managing the talent that enables them to win. We develop innovative solutions for hundreds of thousands of organizations every year, providing them with skilled talent while finding meaningful, sustainable employment for millions of people across a wide range of industries and skills. Our expert family of brands ?€? Manpower, Experis??and Talent Solutions???€???creates substantially more value for candidates and clients across more than 75 countries and territories and has done so for over 70 years. We are recognized consistently for our diversity - as a best place to work for Women, Inclusion, Equality and Disability and in 2020??ManpowerGroup??was named one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the eleventh year - all confirming our position as the brand of choice for in-demand talent. SOURCE ManpowerGroup Related Links http://www.manpowergroup.com
Manhattan Associates is a technology leader in supply chain and omnichannel commerce. We unite information across the enterprise, converging front-end sales with back-end supply chain execution. Our software, platform technology and unmatched experience help drive both top-line growth and bottom-line profitability for our customers. Manhattan Associates designs, builds and delivers leading edge cloud and on-premises solutions so that across the store, through your network or from your fulfillment center, you are ready to reap the rewards of the omnichannel marketplace.
ManTech International Corporation (ManTech) is a provider of technologies and solutions for mission-critical national security programs for the intelligence community; Departments of Defense (DOD), State, Homeland Security, Energy and Justice, including the Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI); the space community, and other United States federal government customers. The Company supports critical national security programs for approximately 60 federal agencies through approximately 1,000 current contracts. ManTech supports national missions, such as military readiness, terrorist threat detection, information security and border protection. On January 6, 2012, the Company acquired Evolvent Technologies, Inc. (Evolvent). In January 2013, the Company acquired ALTA Systems, Inc.
Manchester United is one of the most popular and successful sports teams in the world, playing one of the most popular spectator sports on Earth. Through our 142-year football heritage we have won 66 trophies, enabling us to develop what we believe is one of the world?€?s leading sports and entertainment brands with a global community of 1.1 billion fans and followers. Our large, passionate and highly engaged fan base provides Manchester United with a worldwide platform to generate significant revenue from multiple sources, including sponsorship, merchandising, product licensing, broadcasting and matchday initiatives which in turn, directly fund our ability to continuously reinvest in the club.
Marriott International, Inc. is based in Bethesda, Maryland, USA, and encompasses a portfolio of more than 7,500 properties under 30 leading brands spanning 132 countries and territories. Marriott operates and franchises hotels and licenses vacation ownership resorts all around the world. The company offers Marriott Bonvoy???, its highly-awarded travel program.
Marathon is a digital asset technology company that mines cryptocurrencies, with a focus on the blockchain ecosystem and the generation of digital assets.
Remark Media Inc. (Remark Media), formerly HSW International, Inc., is a global digital media company focused on developing, owning and operating Web publishing platforms. The Company also offers a suite of content and platform services. Remark Media has two segments: Brands, formerly Digital online publishing, and Content and Platform Services, formerly Web platform services. As of December 31, 2011, the Company's brands included BoWenWang (bowenwang.com.cn) and ComoTudoFunciona (hsw.com.br). The Company's Website services business creates content and platform solutions for media and entertainment companies. Remark Media is also a founding partner and developer of the United States-based product Sharecare. In June 2012, the Company acquired Banks.com, Inc., a financial media company that owns and operates Banks.com, IRS.com, FileLater.com and MyStockFund.com. In March 2013, it acquired the entire share capital of Pop Factory LLC.
Marine Petroleum Trust, through its subsidiary, Marine Petroleum Corporation, operates as a royalty trust in the United States. As of September 1, 2014, it had an overriding royalty interest in 59 oil and natural gas leases covering an aggregate of 217,056 gross acres located in the Central and Western areas of the Gulf of Mexico off the coasts of Louisiana and Texas. Marine Petroleum Trust was founded in 1956 and is based in Dallas, Texas.
Headquartered in Livonia, Michigan, Masco Corporation is a global leader in the design, manufacture and distribution of branded home improvement and building products. Our portfolio of industry-leading brands includes Behr?? paint; Delta?? and Hansgrohe?? faucets, bath and shower fixtures; Kichler?? decorative and outdoor lighting; and HotSpring?? spas. We leverage our powerful brands across product categories, sales channels and geographies to create value for our customers and shareholders.
Masimo is a global medical technology company that develops and produces a wide array of industry-leading monitoring technologies, including innovative measurements, sensors, patient monitors, and automation and connectivity solutions. Our mission is to improve patient outcomes and reduce the cost of care. Masimo SET ?? Measure-through Motion and Low Perfusion??? pulse oximetry, introduced in 1995, has been shown in over 100 independent and objective studies to outperform other pulse oximetry technologies. 2 Masimo SET ?? has also been shown to help clinicians reduce severe retinopathy of prematurity in neonates, 3 improve CCHD screening in newborns, 4 and, when used for continuous monitoring with Masimo Patient SafetyNet??? in post-surgical wards, reduce rapid response team activations, ICU transfers, and costs. 5-8 Masimo SET ?? is estimated to be used on more than 200 million patients in leading hospitals and other healthcare settings around the world, 9 and is the primary pulse oximetry at 9 of the top 10 hospitals according to the 2020-21 U.S. News and World Report Best Hospitals Honor Roll. 10 Masimo continues to refine SET ?? and in 2018, announced that SpO 2 accuracy on RD SET ?? sensors during conditions of motion has been significantly improved, providing clinicians with even greater confidence that the SpO 2 values they rely on accurately reflect a patient?€?s physiological status. In 2005, Masimo introduced rainbow ?? Pulse CO-Oximetry technology, allowing noninvasive and continuous monitoring of blood constituents that previously could only be measured invasively, including total hemoglobin (SpHb ?? ), oxygen content (SpOC???), carboxyhemoglobin (SpCO ?? ), methemoglobin (SpMet ?? ), Pleth Variability Index (PVi ?? ), RPVi??? (rainbow ?? PVi), and Oxygen Reserve Index (ORi???). In 2013, Masimo introduced the Root ?? Patient Monitoring and Connectivity Platform, built from the ground up to be as flexible and expandable as possible to facilitate the addition of other Masimo and third-party monitoring technologies; key Masimo additions include Next Generation SedLine ?? Brain Function Monitoring, O3 ?? Regional Oximetry, and ISA??? Capnography with NomoLine ?? sampling lines. Masimo?€?s family of continuous and spot-check monitoring Pulse CO-Oximeters ?? includes devices designed for use in a variety of clinical and non-clinical scenarios, including tetherless, wearable technology, such as Radius-7 ?? and Radius PPG???, portable devices like Rad-67???, fingertip pulse oximeters like MightySat ?? Rx, and devices available for use both in the hospital and at home, such as Rad-97 ??. Masimo hospital automation and connectivity solutions are centered around the Masimo Hospital Automation??? platform, and include Iris Gateway ??, Patient SafetyNet, Replica???, Halo ION???, UniView???, UniView: 60???, and Masimo SafetyNet???.
Mattel is a leading global toy company and owner of one of the strongest catalogs of children?€?s and family entertainment franchises in the world. We create innovative products and experiences that inspire, entertain and develop children through play. We engage consumers through our portfolio of iconic brands, including Barbie??, Hot Wheels??, Fisher-Price??, American Girl??, Thomas & Friends??, UNO?? and MEGA??, as well as other popular intellectual properties that we own or license in partnership with global entertainment companies. Our offerings include film and television content, gaming, music and live events. We operate in 35 locations and our products are available in more than 150 countries in collaboration with the world?€?s leading retail and ecommerce companies. Since its founding in 1945, Mattel is proud to be a trusted partner in empowering children to explore the wonder of childhood and reach their full potential. About Nelvana Entertaining kids for nearly 50 years, Nelvana is a world-leading international producer and distributor of children?€?s animated and live-action content. Nelvana produces a stable of award-winning and globally renowned brands that focus on comedies, preschool and boys action series and ancillary consumer products programs. Nelvana?€?s content airs on Corus Entertainment?€?s kids channels in Canada and in over 160 countries around the world. The Nelvana library has well over 4,400 episodes of programming and has received over 70 major international program awards including Emmys?? and Canadian Screen Awards. Visit the Nelvana website at nelvana.com. Follow Nelvana Enterprises on Twitter @NelvanaEnt. About Corus Entertainment Corus Entertainment Inc. (TSX: CJR.B) is a leading media and content company that develops and delivers high quality brands and content across platforms for audiences around the world. Engaging audiences since 1999, the company?€?s portfolio of multimedia offerings encompass 34 specialty television services, 39 radio stations, 15 conventional television stations, a suite of digital assets, animation software, technology and media services. Corus is an established creator of globally distributed content through Nelvana animation studio, Corus Studios, and children?€?s book publishing house Kids Can Press. The company also owns innovative full-service social digital agency so.da, and lifestyle entertainment company Kin Canada. Corus?€? roster of premium brands includes Global Television, W Network, HGTV Canada, Food Network Canada, HISTORY??, Showcase, Adult Swim, National Geographic, Disney Channel Canada, YTV, Global News, Globalnews.ca, Q107, Country 105, and CFOX.
Matthews International Corporation is a global provider of brand solutions, memorialization products and industrial technologies. The SGK Brand Solutions segment is a leading provider of packaging solutions and brand experiences, helping companies simplify their marketing, amplify their brands and provide value. The Memorialization segment is a leading provider of memorialization products, including memorials, caskets and cremation and incineration equipment, primarily to cemetery and funeral home customers that help families move from grief to remembrance. The Industrial Technologies segment designs, manufactures and distributes marking, coding and industrial automation technologies and solutions. The Company has approximately 11,000 employees in more than 25 countries on six continents that are committed to delivering the highest quality products and services.
Founded in 1882, Matson is a leading provider of ocean transportation and logistics services. Matson provides a vital lifeline to the domestic non-contiguous economies of Hawaii, Alaska, and Guam, and to other island economies in Micronesia. Matson also operates a premium, expedited service from China to Long Beach, California and also provides services to Okinawa, Japan and various islands in the South Pacific. The Company's fleet of owned and chartered vessels includes containerships, combination container and roll-on/roll-off ships and custom-designed barges. Matson Logistics, established in 1987, extends the geographic reach of Matson's transportation network throughout the continental U.S.??Its integrated, asset-light logistics services include rail intermodal, highway brokerage, warehousing, freight consolidation, Asia supply chain services, and forwarding to Alaska.
MediaAlpha Inc - Class A
MaxCyte, the clinical-stage global cell-based therapies and life sciences company, uses its proprietary next-generation cell and gene therapies to revolutionise medical treatments and ultimately save lives. The Company?€?s premier cell engineering enabling technology is currently being deployed by leading drug developers worldwide, including all of the top ten global biopharmaceutical companies. MaxCyte licences have been granted to more than 100 cell therapy programmes, with more than 70 licensed for clinical use, and the Company has now entered into eleven clinical/commercial license partnerships with leading cell therapy and gene editing developers. MaxCyte was founded in 1998, is listed on the London Stock Exchange (AIM:MXCT, MXCL) and is headquartered in Gaithersburg, Maryland, US.
Maxeon Solar Technologies Ltd
Maxar Technologies Ltd
J.W. Mays, Inc. operates a number of commercial real estate properties. The Company's properties include Brooklyn, New York - Fulton Street at Bond Street, Brooklyn, New York - Jowein building at Elm Place, Jamaica, New York - Jamaica Avenue at 169th Street, Fishkill, New York - Route 9 at Interstate Highway 84, Levittown, New York - Hempstead Turnpike, Massapequa, New York - Sunrise Highway, Circleville, Ohio - Tarlton Road, Brooklyn and New York - Livingston Street. 10% of the Brooklyn, New York - Fulton Street at Bond Street property is leased by the Company under five separate leases. As of July 31, 2012, the Brooklyn, New York - Fulton Street at Bond Street property was leased to 13 tenants of which two are retail stores, one is a fast food restaurant, two are for warehouse and eight leases are for office space. As of July 31, 2012, the Jamaica, New York - Jamaica Avenue at 169th Street was leased to 11 tenants: six are retail tenants and five for office space.
Middlefield Banc Corp., headquartered in Middlefield, Ohio, is the bank holding company of The Middlefield Banking Company with total assets of $1.36 billion at September 30, 2020. The bank operates 16 full-service banking centers and an LPL Financial?? brokerage office serving Beachwood, Chardon, Cortland, Dublin, Garrettsville, Mantua, Middlefield, Newbury, Orwell, Plain City, Powell, Solon, Sunbury, Twinsburg, and Westerville. The Bank also operates a Loan Production Office in Mentor, Ohio. Additional information is available at www.middlefieldbank.bank (1) This press release includes disclosure of Middlefield Banc Corp.?€?s tangible book value per share and return on average tangible equity, which are financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). A non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes or includes amounts that are required to be disclosed by GAAP. Middlefield Banc Corp. believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide both management and investors a more complete understanding of the underlying operational results and trends and Middlefield Banc Corp.?€?s marketplace performance. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the numbers prepared in accordance with GAAP. The reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in the tables following Consolidated Financial Highlights below.
MBIA Inc. (MBIA) together with its consolidated subsidiaries, operates the financial guarantee insurance businesses in the industry and is a provider of asset management advisory services. These activities are managed through three business segments: United States public finance insurance, structured finance and international insurance, and advisory services. The Company's United States public finance insurance business is operated through National Public Finance Guarantee Corporation and its subsidiaries (National), its structured finance and international insurance business is primarily operated through MBIA Insurance Corporation and its subsidiaries (MBIA Corp.), and its asset management advisory services business is primarily operated through Cutwater Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries (Cutwater). It also manages certain business activities through its corporate, asset/liability products, and conduit segments.
Marrone Bio Innovations Inc. is a growth-oriented company leading the movement to a more sustainable world through the discovery, development and sale of innovative biological products for crop protection, plant health and waterway systems treatment that help customers operate more sustainably while increasing their return on investment. MBI has screened over 18,000 microorganisms and 350 plant extracts, leveraging its in-depth knowledge of plant and soil microbiomes enhanced by advanced molecular technologies and natural product chemistry to rapidly develop seven product lines. Supported by a robust portfolio of over 400 issued and pending patents, MBI?€?s currently available commercial products are Regalia??, Stargus??, Grandevo??, Venerate??, Majestene??, Haven??, Pacesetter???, Zelto?? Jet Oxide?? and Jet Ag?? and Zequanox??, with a next-generation insecticide-nematicide, a breakthrough bioherbicide and a biofumigant in the Company?€?s product pipeline. MBI?€?s Pro Farm Finland-based subsidiary employs a proprietary technology derived from wood waste to stimulate plant growth and improve plant health, resulting in improved yields and crop quality. Products include UBP??? 110, Foramin??, UBP??? Seed Treatment, Foramin?? ST.
Merchants Bancorp is a diversified bank holding company headquartered in Carmel, Indiana operating multiple lines of business, including Federal Housing Administration ("FHA") multi-family housing and healthcare facility financing and servicing; mortgage warehouse financing; retail and correspondent residential mortgage banking; agricultural lending; and traditional community banking. Merchants Bancorp, with $9.5 billion in assets and $7.1 billion in deposits as of September 30, 2020, conducts its business primarily through its direct and indirect subsidiaries, Merchants Bank of Indiana, Merchants Capital Corp., Farmers-Merchants Bank of Illinois, Merchants Capital Servicing, LLC, and Merchants Mortgage, a division of Merchants Bank of Indiana.
Merchants Bancorp FXDFR PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Ser B Dp sh 140 int
Merchants Bancorp 700 FixedtoFloating Rate Series A NonCumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock
"Mustang Bio, Inc., a subsidiary of Fortress Biotech, Inc (FBIO)., is a clinical?€?stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the

development and commercialization of novel cancer immunotherapy products designed to leverage the patient?€?s own

immune system to eliminate cancer cells. Mustang aims to acquire rights to these technologies by licensing or otherwise

acquiring an ownership interest, funding research and development, and outlicensing or bringing the technologies to

market. Mustang is currently developing proprietary chimeric antigen receptor(CAR) engineered T cell (CAR T) technology,

which was licensed from Drs. Stephen Forman and Christine Brown?€?s laboratory at the City of Hope National Medical

Center (?€?COH?€?). Mustang and COH have established a research agreement to develop CARs across multiple cancers.

Mustang?€?s lead programs are in Phase 1 trials at COH: MB-101 for the treatment of brain cancer, and MB-102 as a

therapeutic agent in acute myeloid leukemia. Mustang is registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as

amended, and files periodic reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. For more information, visit

www.mustangbio.com"
Medallion Bank UT Non Cum FxdFltg Perp Pfd Ser F
Microbot Medical Inc. is a pre-clinical medical device company that specializes in transformational micro-robotic technologies, focused primarily on both natural and artificial lumens within the human body. Microbot?€?s current proprietary technological platforms provide the foundation for the development of a Multi Generation Pipeline Portfolio (MGPP). Microbot Medical was founded in 2010 by Harel Gadot, Prof. Moshe Shoham, and Yossi Bornstein with the goals of improving clinical outcomes for patients and increasing accessibility through the use of micro-robotic technologies.
Moleculin Biotech, Inc. is a clinical stage pharmaceutical company focused on the development of a broad portfolio of oncology drug candidates for the treatment of highly resistant tumors and viruses. The Company's clinical stage drugs are: Annamycin, a Next Generation Anthracycline, designed to avoid multidrug resistance mechanisms with little to no cardiotoxicity being studied for the treatment of relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia, more commonly referred to as AML, WP1066, an Immune/Transcription Modulator capable of inhibiting p-STAT3 and other oncogenic transcription factors while also stimulating a natural immune response, targeting brain tumors, pancreatic cancer and hematologic malignancies, and WP1220, an analog to WP1066, for the topical treatment of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Moleculin is also engaged in preclinical development of additional drug candidates, including other Immune/Transcription Modulators, as well as WP1122 and related compounds capable of Metabolism/Glycosylation Inhibition.
Mobile TeleSystems OJSC provides a range of mobile and fixed line voice and data telecommunications services in Russia and the CIS. It offers data transfer, broadband, pay-TV, and various value-added services, as well as sells equipment and accessories. The company also provides network and Internet access facilities; and SMS-based value-added services. In addition, it provides various telecommunications services to corporate clients, such as design, construction, and installation of local voice and data networks that interconnect with fixed line operators; installation and maintenance of cellular payphones; lease of digital communication channels; access to open computer databases and data networks, including the Internet; and provision of fixed, local, and long-distance telecommunications services, as well as video conferencing. As of December 31, 2013, the company served approximately 102.4 million mobile subscribers. Mobile TeleSystems OJSC has a strategic partnership with Vodafone. The company was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Moscow, the Russian Federation.
Based in Loudon, Tennessee, Malibu Boats, Inc. (MBUU) is a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport, sterndrive and outboard boats. Malibu Boats, Inc. is the commanding market leader in the performance sport boat category through its Malibu and Axis Wake Research boat brands, the leader in the 20?€? - 40?€? segment of the sterndrive boat category through its Cobalt brand and in a leading position in the offshore fishing boat market with its Pursuit brand. A pre-eminent innovator in the powerboat industry, Malibu Boats, Inc. designs products that appeal to an expanding range of recreational boaters, fisherman and water sports enthusiasts whose passion for boating is a key component of their active lifestyles. Non-GAAP Financial Measures This release includes the following financial measures defined as non-GAAP financial measures by the SEC: Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income and Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income per Share. These measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income as determined in accordance with GAAP or as an indicator of our liquidity. Our presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures should also not be construed as an inference that our results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Our computations of these non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and non-cash, non-recurring or non-operating expenses, including certain professional fees and non-cash compensation expense. We define Adjusted EBITDA Margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are not measures of net income as determined by GAAP. Management believes Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin allow investors to evaluate our operating performance and compare our results of operations from period to period on a consistent basis by excluding items that management does not believe are indicative of core operating performance. Management uses Adjusted EBITDA to assist in highlighting trends in our operating results without regard to our financing methods, capital structure, and non-recurring or non-operating expenses. We exclude the items listed above from net income in arriving at Adjusted EBITDA because these amounts can vary substantially from company to company within our industry depending upon accounting methods and book values of assets, capital structures, the methods by which assets were acquired and other factors. Certain items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA are significant components in understanding and assessing a company?€?s financial performance, such as a company?€?s cost of capital and tax structure, as well as the historical costs of depreciable assets. We define Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income as net income attributable to Malibu Boats, Inc. (i) excluding income tax expense, (ii) excluding the effect of non-recurring or non-cash items, (iii) assuming the exchange of all LLC units into shares of Class A Common Stock, which results in the elimination of non-controlling interest in Malibu Boats Holdings, LLC (the "LLC"), and (iv) reflecting an adjustment for income tax expense on fully distributed net income before income taxes at our estimated effective income tax rate. Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income is a non-GAAP financial measure because it represents net income attributable to Malibu Boats, Inc., before non-recurring or non-cash items and the effects of non-controlling interests in the LLC. We use Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income to facilitate a comparison of our operating performance on a consistent basis from period to period that, when viewed in combination with our results prepared in accordance with GAAP, provides a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business than GAAP measures alone. We believe Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income assists our board of directors, management and investors in comparing our net income on a consistent basis from period to period because it removes non-cash or non-recurring items, and eliminates the variability of non-controlling interest as a result of member owner exchanges of LLC units into shares of Class A Common Stock. In addition, because Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income is susceptible to varying calculations, the Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income measures, as presented in this release, may differ from and may, therefore, not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. A reconciliation of our net income as determined in accordance with GAAP to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, and the numerator and denominator for our net income available to Class A Common Stock per share to Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income per share of Class A Common Stock is provided under "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures".
Mercantile Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mercantile Bank Corporation. Mercantile Bank provides banking services to businesses, individuals and governmental units, and differentiates itself on the basis of service quality and the expertise of its banking staff. Mercantile Bank has assets of approximately $4.4 billion and operates 39 banking offices.
Moelis & Company is a leading global independent investment bank that provides innovative strategic advice and solutions to a diverse client base, including corporations, governments and financial sponsors. The Firm assists its clients in achieving their strategic goals by offering comprehensive integrated financial advisory services across all major industry sectors. Moelis & Company?€?s experienced professionals advise clients on their most critical decisions, including mergers and acquisitions, recapitalizations and restructurings, capital markets transactions, and other corporate finance matters. The Firm serves its clients from 20 geographic locations in North and South America, Europe, the Middle East, Asia and Australia.

Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp
Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Com 1 Wt & 1 Rt Exp 03192025
MCB FINANCIAL CORP
Corporation Macatawa Bank Corporation is the bank holding company for its wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Macatawa Bank. Headquartered in Holland, Mich., Macatawa Bank offers a full range of banking, retail and commercial lending, wealth management and ecommerce services to individuals, businesses and governmental entities from a network of 26 full-service branches located throughout communities in Kent, Ottawa and northern Allegan counties. The bank is recognized for its local management team and decision making, along with providing customers excellent service, a rewarding experience and superior financial products. Macatawa Bank has been recognized for the past ten consecutive years as one of ?€?West Michigan?€?s 101 Best and Brightest Companies to Work For?€?.
MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. is a Georgia corporation and a bank holding company for its wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Metro City Bank, which is headquartered in the Atlanta metropolitan area. Founded in 2006, Metro City Bank currently operates 19 full-service branch locations in multi-ethnic communities in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, New York, New Jersey, Texas and Virginia. To learn more about Metro City Bank, visit www.metrocitybank.bank.
McDonald's Corporation franchises and operates McDonald's restaurants in the global restaurant industry. These restaurants serve menu at various price points providing value in 119 countries globally. All restaurants are operated either by the Company or by franchisees, including conventional franchisees under franchise arrangements, and developmental licensees and foreign affiliated markets under license agreements. Under the conventional franchise arrangement, franchisees provide a portion of the capital required by initially investing in the equipment, signs, seating and decor of their restaurant businesses, and by reinvesting in the business over time.
Mid-Con Energy is a publicly held Delaware limited partnership formed in July 2011 to own, acquire, and develop producing oil and natural gas properties in North America, with a focus on Enhanced Oil Recovery. Mid-Con Energy?€?s core areas of operation are located in Oklahoma and Wyoming.
Contango Oil??& Gas Company is a Houston, Texas based, independent oil and natural gas company whose business is to maximize production and cash flow from its offshore properties in the shallow waters of the Gulf of Mexico and onshore properties in Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Wyoming and, when determined appropriate, to use that cash flow to explore, develop, and increase production from its existing properties, to acquire additional PDP-heavy crude oil and natural gas properties or to pay down debt.
McAfee Corp - Class A
Headquartered in Vonore, Tenn., MasterCraft Boat Holdings, Inc. is a leading innovator, designer, manufacturer and marketer of recreational powerboats through its four brands, MasterCraft, NauticStar, Crest and Aviara. Through these four brands, MasterCraft Boat Holdings has leading market share positions in three of the fastest growing segments of the powerboat industry ?€? performance sport boats, outboard saltwater fishing and pontoon boats ?€? while entering the large, growing luxury day boat segment.
Microchip Technology Incorporated is a leading provider of smart, connected and secure embedded control solutions. Its easy-to-use development tools and comprehensive product portfolio enable customers to create optimal designs, which reduce risk while lowering total system cost and time to market. The company's solutions serve more than 120,000 customers across the industrial, automotive, consumer, aerospace and defense, communications and computing markets. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, Microchip offers outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality.
Marchex understands the best customers are those who call your company ?€? they convert faster, buy more, and churn less. Marchex provides solutions that help companies drive more calls, understand what happens on those calls, and convert more of those callers into customers. Our actionable intelligence strengthens the connection between companies and their customers, bridging the physical and digital world, to help brands maximize their marketing investments and operating efficiencies to acquire the best customers.
McKesson Corporation is a global leader in healthcare supply chain management solutions, retail pharmacy, community oncology and specialty care, and healthcare information solutions. McKesson partners with pharmaceutical manufacturers, providers, pharmacies, governments and other organizations in healthcare to help provide the right medicines, medical products and healthcare services to the right patients at the right time, safely and cost-effectively. United by our ICARE shared principles, our employees work every day to innovate and deliver opportunities that make our customers and partners more successful ?€? all for the better health of patients. McKesson has been named a ?€? Most Admired Company ?€? in the healthcare wholesaler category by FORTUNE, a ?€? Best Place to Work ?€? by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation, and a top military-friendly company by Military Friendly.

Merida Merger Corp I Wt Exp 11072026
Moody's is an essential component of the global capital markets, providing credit ratings, research, tools and analysis that contribute to transparent and integrated financial markets. Moody?€?s Corporation is the parent company of Moody's Investors Service, which provides credit ratings and research covering debt instruments and securities, and Moody's Analytics, which offers leading-edge software, advisory services and research for credit and economic analysis and financial risk management. The corporation, which reported revenue of $4.4 billion in 2018, employs approximately 13,200 people worldwide and maintains a presence in 44 countries.
Seres Therapeutics, Inc., is a leading microbiome therapeutics platform company developing a novel class of multifunctional bacterial consortia that are designed to functionally interact with host cells and tissues to treat disease. Seres?€? SER-109 program achieved the first-ever positive pivotal clinical results for a targeted microbiome drug candidate and has obtained Breakthrough Therapy and Orphan Drug designations from the FDA. The SER-109 program is being advanced for the treatment of recurrent C. difficile infection and has potential to become a first-in-class FDA-approved microbiome therapeutic. Seres?€? SER-287 program has obtained Fast Track and Orphan Drug designations from the FDA and is being evaluated in a Phase 2b study in patients with active mild-to-moderate ulcerative colitis. Seres is evaluating SER-401 in a Phase 1b study in patients with metastatic melanoma, SER-301 in a Phase 1b study in patients with ulcerative colitis and SER-155 to prevent mortality due to gastrointestinal infections, bacteremia and graft versus host disease.
Monarch Casino & Resort, Inc., through its subsidiaries, owns and operates the Atlantis Casino Resort Spa, a hotel/casino facility in Reno, Nevada, and the Monarch Casino Resort Spa Black Hawk in Black Hawk, Colorado, approximately 40 miles west of Denver.
Headquartered in Milwaukee, The Marcus Corporation is a leader in the lodging and entertainment industries, with significant company-owned real estate assets. The Marcus Corporation?€?s theatre division, Marcus Theatres ??, is the fourth largest theatre circuit in the U.S. and currently owns or operates 1,110 screens at 91 locations in 17 states under the Marcus Theatres, Movie Tavern?? by Marcus and Bistro Plex ?? brands. The company?€?s lodging division, Marcus ?? Hotels & Resorts, owns and/or manages 18 hotels, resorts and other properties in eight states.
Medley Capital Corp Pfd.
Mercury General Corporation (Mercury General) is an insurance holding company. The Company is a parent of Mercury Casualty Company (MCC), which is an automobile insurer. Including MCC, Mercury General has 21 subsidiaries. Mercury General, along with its subsidiaries, is primarily engaged in writing personal automobile insurance through 13 insurance subsidiaries (the Insurance Companies) in a number of states, principally California. The Company also writes homeowners, commercial automobile and property, mechanical breakdown, fire, and umbrella insurance. The Company offers collision, property damage liability, bodily injury (BI) liability, comprehensive, personal injury protection (PIP), underinsured and uninsured motorist, and other hazards to the automobile policyholders. The Company has reinsurance through the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Trust Fund (FHCF).
MEDNAX, Inc. (MEDNAX) is a provider of physician services, including newborn, maternal-fetal, pediatric subspecialties and anesthesia care. As of December 31, 2011, the Company's national network consisted of 1,839 affiliated physicians, including 996 physicians who provided neonatal clinical care, in 34 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. In June 2013, MEDNAX Inc announced the acquisition of Anesthesia Group of Onondaga, P.C. In June 2013, MEDNAX Inc announced the acquisition of Neonatal Intensive Care Associates, a neonatal physician group practice based in Lubbock, Texas. In August 2013, MEDNAX Inc announced the acquisition of Holston Anesthesia Associates, P.C. In September 2013, MEDNAX Inc announced the acquisition of Northern Westchester Anesthesia Services, P.C. In October 2013, the Company announced the acquisition of Dayton Newborn Care Specialists, Inc.
MongoDB is the leading modern, general purpose database platform, designed to unleash the power of software and data for developers and the applications they build. Headquartered in New York, MongoDB has more than 20,200 customers in over 100 countries. The MongoDB database platform has been downloaded over 125 million times and there have been more than one million MongoDB University registrations.
Operating under the name Richmond American Homes, MDC's homebuilding subsidiaries have built more than 210,000 homes since 1977. Among the nation's largest homebuilders, MDC's subsidiary companies have operations in Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Maryland, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, Virginia and Washington. Mortgage lending, plus insurance and title services are offered by the following MDC subsidiaries, respectively: HomeAmerican Mortgage Corporation, American Home Insurance Agency, Inc. and American Home Title and Escrow Company. M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "MDC."
MDC Partners is one of the most influential marketing and communications networks in the world. As "The Place Where Great Talent Lives," MDC Partners is celebrated for its innovative advertising, public relations, branding, digital, social and event marketing agency partners, which are responsible for some of the most memorable and effective campaigns for the world's most respected brands. By leveraging technology, data analytics, insights and strategic consulting solutions, MDC Partners drives creative excellence, business growth and measurable return on marketing investment for over 1,700 clients worldwide.
Madrigal Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: MDGL) is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company pursuing novel therapeutics that target a specific thyroid hormone receptor pathway in the liver, which is a key regulatory mechanism common to a spectrum of cardio-metabolic and fatty liver diseases with high unmet medical need. Madrigal?€?s lead candidate, MGL-3196, is a first-in- class, orally administered, small-molecule, liver-directed, thyroid hormone receptor (THR) ??- selective agonist that is currently in Phase 2 development for NASH and HeFH. For more information, visit www.madrigalpharma.com.
Medigus Ltd., a medical device company, designs, develops, and sells minimally invasive endosurgical tools and imaging solutions. It offers the MUSE system, a proprietary disposable endoscopic device comprising a micro-camera, a surgical endostapler, and an ultrasound sensor for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Omer, Israel.
Medigus Ltd. - Warrants - Series C (23/07/2023)

MDJM Ltd
Medallia Inc


Medley Management Inc. is an investment holding company and operate and control all of the business and affairs of Medley LLC and its subsidiaries. Medley Management Inc. is based in New York, New York.
Mondelez International, Inc. (Mondelez International), is a snack manufacturing company. The Company manufactures and markets food and beverage products for consumers in approximately 165 countries around the world. The Company produces biscuits, chocolate, candy and powdered beverages as well as gum and coffee. The Company's portfolio includes nine brands including Oreo, Nabisco and LU biscuits; Milka, Cadbury Dairy Milk and Cadbury chocolates; Trident gum; Jacobs coffee; and Tang powdered beverage. In addition, the Company's portfolio of snack foods and refreshments includes 52 brands. The Company manages its global business and through three geographic units: Developing Markets, Europe and North America. On October 1, 2012 the Company completed the spin-off of its North American grocery business, Kraft Foods Group, Inc. (Kraft Foods Group).
Mandatum Pankki Oyj
Meredith Corporation has been committed to service journalism for 118 years. Meredith uses multiple distribution platforms?€?including broadcast television, print, digital, mobile and video?€?to provide consumers with content they desire and to deliver the messages of its advertising and marketing partners. Meredith's National Media Group reaches over 190 million unduplicated American consumers every month, including nearly 95 percent of U.S. women. Meredith is the owner of the largest premium content digital network for American consumers and is the No. 1 magazine operator in the U.S. Meredith's Local Media Group includes 17 television stations, reaching 11 percent of U.S. households. About Evolution Evolution is a boutique brand monetization agency headquartered in Calabasas, California, servicing the popular culture, media, gaming, toy, personality, character, publishing and lifestyle industry verticals. Evolution offers bespoke turn-key solutions, including strategic brand planning, market analysis, contract negotiations, legal support, product development, retail development, royalty collections, contract compliance, inventor relations as well as providing manufacturers a full service licensing acquisitions team. Evolution monetizes and enhances brand value via licensing, direct to retail partnerships, collaborations, experiential retail and direct to consumer sales. The agency's clients include: Gaumont Television USA, Skydance Media, MGM Studios, Stampede Ventures, Pressman Films, Camden Media, ITV Studios, Just Play, Jazwares/Kellytoy Holdings, TinyBuild Games, System Era, Tilting Point, OLO Industries, and The Ella Fitzgerald Estate, among others. SOURCE Meredith Corporation Related Links https://www.meredith.com
Medalist Diversified REIT Inc - Ordinary Shares
Medalist Diversified REIT Inc PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Series A
Allscripts is a leader in healthcare information technology solutions that advance clinical, financial and operational results. Our innovative solutions connect people, places and data across an Open, Connected Community of Health???. Connectivity empowers caregivers and consumers to make better decisions, delivering better care for healthier populations.
MDSI MOBILE DATA SOLUTIONS INC
Medtronic plc ( www.medtronic.com ), headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, is among the world's largest medical technology, services, and solutions companies ?€? alleviating pain, restoring health, and extending life for millions of people around the world. Medtronic employs more than 90,000 people worldwide, serving physicians, hospitals, and patients in more than 150 countries. The company is focused on collaborating with stakeholders around the world to take healthcare Further, Together.
MDU Resources Group, Inc., a member of the S&P MidCap 400 index and the S&P High-Yield Dividend Aristocrats index, is Building a Strong America?? by providing essential products and services through its regulated energy delivery and construction materials and services businesses.
MYOS RENS Technology Inc. (MYOS), "The Muscle Company??", is a Cedar Knolls, NJ -based advanced nutrition company that develops and markets products that improve muscle health and performance. MYOS is the owner of Fortetropin??, a fertilized egg yolk-based product manufactured via a proprietary process to retain and optimize its biological activity. Fortetropin has been clinically shown to increase muscle size, lean body mass and reduce muscle atrophy. MYOS believes Fortetropin has the potential to redefine existing standards of physical health and wellness and produces muscle health support products featuring Fortetropin under the names of Yolked??, Physician Muscle Health Formula??, MYOS Canine Muscle Formula??, (Regular & Vet Strength) and Qurr??.
MediWound??is a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing novel therapeutics based on its patented proteolytic enzyme technology to address unmet needs in the fields of severe burns, chronic and other hard-to-heal wounds. MediWound?€?s first innovative biopharmaceutical product, NexoBrid, non-surgically and rapidly removes burn eschar without harming viable tissue. The product has received marketing authorization from the??European Medicines Agency??as well as the Israeli, Argentinian, South Korean, Russian and Peruvian Ministries of Health for eschar removal (debridement) in adults with deep partial-thickness and/or full-thickness thermal burns. On June 29, 2020, a biological license application (BLA) was submitted to the U.S. FDA and was assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target date of June 29, 2021. MediWound?€?s second innovative product, EscharEx ?? is a topical biological drug candidate for the debridement of chronic and other hard-to-heal wounds using the same proteolytic enzyme technology as NexoBrid. In two Phase 2 studies, EscharEx has demonstrated safety and efficacy in the debridement of various chronic and other hard-to-heal wounds, within a few daily applications.
MiMedx?? is an industry leader in advanced wound care and a therapeutic biologics company developing and distributing human placental tissue allografts with patent-protected processes for multiple sectors of healthcare. The Company processes the human placental tissue utilizing its proprietary PURION?? process methodology, among other processes, to produce allografts by employing aseptic processing techniques in addition to terminal sterilization. MiMedx has supplied over two million allografts, through both direct and consignment shipments.
MIDAMERICAN ENERGY HOLDINGS CO
Medifast is??the company behind one of the fastest-growing health and wellness communities, OPTA VIA??, which offers Lifelong Transformation, One Healthy Habit at a Time??. Based on nearly 40 years of experience, Medifast has redefined direct selling by combining the best aspects of the model. Its community of thousands of independent OPTA VIA Coaches teach Clients to develop holistic healthy habits through products and clinically proven plans, the Habits of Health?? Transformational System and comprehensive support from a community of like-minded people. In 2019, Medifast expanded the OPTA VIA movement globally, beginning with the??Asia-Pacific??region. Medifast is traded on the New York Stock Exchange and was named to FORTUNE's??100 Fastest-Growing Companies list in 2019 and Forbes' 100 Most Trustworthy Companies in America list in 2016 and 2017.
Medpace is a scientifically-driven, global, full-service clinical contract research organization (CRO) providing Phase I-IV clinical development services to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical device industries. Medpace?€?s mission is to accelerate the global development of safe and effective medical therapeutics through its high-science and disciplined operating approach that leverages regulatory and therapeutic expertise across all major areas including oncology, cardiology, metabolic disease, endocrinology, central nervous system and anti-viral and anti-infective. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, Medpace employs approximately 3,400 people across 38 countries as of June 30, 2020.
Headquartered in??Tampa, Florida,??Trxade Group, Inc.??(Nasdaq:??MEDS) is an integrated drug procurement, delivery and healthcare platform that fosters price transparency, thereby improving profit margins for both buyers and sellers of pharmaceuticals. Trxade Group??operates across all 50 states with the central mission of making healthcare services affordable and accessible. Founded in 2010,??Trxade Group??is comprised of three synergistic operating platforms; (1) the Trxade B2B trading platform with around 11,800 registered pharmacies, (2)??Integra Pharma Solutions, Trxade Group?€?s virtual wholesale division and (3) the??Bonum Health??platform offering affordable telehealth services.
Montrose Environmental Group Inc
Methode Electronics, Inc. is a global developer of custom engineered and application specific products and solutions with manufacturing, design and testing facilities in Belgium, Canada, China, Egypt, Germany, India, Italy, Lebanon, Malta, Mexico, the Netherlands, Singapore, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. We design, manufacture and market devices employing electrical, radio remote control, electronic, LED lighting and sensing technologies. Our business is managed on a segment basis, with those segments being Automotive, Industrial, Interface and Medical. Our components are found in the primary end-markets of the aerospace, appliance, construction, consumer and industrial equipment, communications (including information processing and storage, networking equipment, wireless and terrestrial voice/data systems), medical, rail, consumer automotive, commercial vehicle, and other transportation industries.
MEI Pharma, Inc. is a late-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing potential new therapies for cancer. MEI Pharma's portfolio of drug candidates contains four clinical-stage assets, including zandelisib, currently in an ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial which may support an accelerated approval marketing application with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Each of MEI Pharma's pipeline candidates leverages a different mechanism of action with the objective of developing therapeutic options that are: (1) differentiated, (2) address unmet medical needs and (3) deliver improved benefit to patients either as standalone treatments or in combination with other therapeutic options.
MercadoLibre Inc is an Argentina-based company active in the e-commerce industy. The Company hosts the online commerce platform in Latin America, focused on enabling e-commerce and its related services, and is located at www.mercadolibre.com. The Company's services are designed to provide its users with mechanisms for buying, selling, paying, collecting, generating leads and comparing listings via e-commerce transactions. The Company also operates online commerce platforms in the Dominican Republic, Panama and Portugal. The Company offers its users four e-commerce services: the MercadoLibre Marketplace, the MercadoPago payments solution, the MercadoClics advertising program and the MercadoShops on-line stores solution.
Methanex is a Vancouver-based, publicly traded company and is the world's largest producer and supplier of methanol to major international markets. Methanex shares are listed for trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange in Canada under the trading symbol "MX" and on the NASDAQ Global Market in the United States under the trading symbol "MEOH?€?.
Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc. 6.45% Trust Preferred Securities
Mercer International Inc. (Mercer) operates in the pulp business and is the producer of market northern bleached softwood kraft (NBSK) pulp. The Company's operations are located in Eastern Germany and Western Canada. The Company produces pulp for resale, which include market pulp in Germany. The Company operates three NBSK pulp mills with a consolidated annual production capacity of approximately 1.5 million air-dried metric tons. The mills include Rosenthal mill, Celgar mill and Stendal mill. The mills constitute to the Company's individual pulp mills segment. The Company manufactures and sells NBSK pulp produced from wood chips and pulp logs. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company's mills generated 652,113 megawatt hours, 520,005 megawatt hours and 478,674 megawatt hours, respectively, of surplus energy, primarily from a renewable carbon-neutral source. During the year ended December 3, 2011, it sold 652,113 megawatt hours and 520,005 megawatt hours of surplus energy.
Headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, Mesa Air Group, Inc. is the holding company of Mesa Airlines, a regional air carrier providing scheduled passenger service to 103 cities in 35 states, the District of Columbia and Mexico. As of September 30th, 2020, Mesa operated a fleet of 145 aircraft with approximately 373 daily departures and 3,400 employees. Mesa operates all of its flights as either American Eagle, United Express, or DHL Express flights pursuant to the terms of capacity purchase agreements entered into with American Airlines, Inc., United Airlines, Inc., and DHL.
Mesoblast Limited, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the development of regenerative therapeutic cell-based products in Australia, the United States, and Singapore. The company is developing therapeutic products using its proprietary technology platforms, which include mesenchymal lineage adult stem cells (MLCs) to treat conditions with unmet medical needs, including cardiac diseases, spine and musculoskeletal disorders, oncology and hematology diseases, and immune-mediated and inflammatory conditions. Its lead product candidates comprise MPC-150-IM for congestive heart failures; MPC-06-ID to treat chronic lower back pain due to moderate degenerative disc diseases; MSC-100-IV for the treatment of steroid refractory acute graft versus host diseases (GVHDs); and MPC-300-IV for biologic refractory rheumatoid arthritis and diabetic nephropathy. The company is also developing JR-031 for pediatric and adult GVHDs; MPC-25-IC, which is in Phase II clinical trial to treat acute cardiac ischemia; MPC-25-Osteo that has been completed Phase II clinical trial for the treatment of spinal fusion; and MPC-CBE, which is in Phase III clinical trial to treat bone marrow transplantations. The company has strategic alliances with Lonza Group for clinical and long-term commercial production of its off-the-shelf adult stem cell products; and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. for the development and commercialization of its MPCs for cardiovascular diseases and neurologic conditions. Mesoblast Limited was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Melbourne, Australia.
MetLife, Inc. (MetLife) is a provider of insurance, annuities and employee benefit programs, serving 90 million customers in over 50 countries. Through its subsidiaries and affiliates, MetLife operates in the United States, Japan, Latin America, Asia Pacific, Europe and the Middle East. It is organized into six segments: Insurance Products, Retirement Products, Corporate Benefit Funding and Auto & Home (collectively, U.S. Business), and Japan and Other International Regions (collectively, International). U.S. Business provides insurance and financial services products, including life, dental, disability, auto and homeowner insurance. In September 2013, MetLife Inc and Thayer Lodging Group acquired the 365-room Hilton Los Cabos Beach & Golf Resort in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico in a joint venture. In October 2013, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA sold its entire 64.3% interest in Administradora de Fondos de Pensiones Provida SA (AFP Provida) to Metlife Inc's subsidiaries.
MetLife Inc. Preferred Series A Floating Rate
MetLife Inc. Depositary shares Series E
Metlife Inc 4.75 PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 11000th int Ser F
Ramaco Resources, Inc. is an operator and developer of metallurgical coal in southern??West Virginia, southwestern??Virginia??and southwestern??Pennsylvania. Its executive offices are in??Lexington, Kentucky, with operational offices in??Charleston, West Virginia. The Company has five active mines operating from two mining complexes at this time.
Meten EdtechX Education Group Ltd

MFA Financial, Inc. is a real estate investment trust primarily engaged in the business of investing, on a leveraged basis, in residential mortgage assets, including residential mortgage-backed securities and residential whole loans.
MFA Financial Inc. Preferred Series B

MARKET FACTS INC
Megalith Financial Acquisition Corp. Warrants each warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50
Megalith Financial Acquisition Corp. Units each consisting of one share of Class A common stock $0.0001 par value and one redeemable warrant
Manulife Investment Management is the global wealth and asset management segment of Manulife Financial Corporation. We draw on more than a century of financial stewardship and the full resources of our parent company to serve individuals, institutions, and retirement plan members worldwide. Headquartered in Toronto, our leading capabilities in public and private markets are strengthened by an investment footprint that spans 17 countries and territories. We complement these capabilities by providing access to a network of unaffiliated asset managers from around the world. We're committed to investing responsibly across our businesses. We develop innovative global frameworks for sustainable investing, collaboratively engage with companies in our securities portfolios, and maintain a high standard of stewardship where we own and operate assets, and we believe in supporting financial well-being through our workplace retirement plans. Today, plan sponsors around the world rely on our retirement plan administration and investment expertise??to help their employees plan for, save for, and live a better retirement. As of September 30, 2020, Manulife Investment Management had CAD$923 billion ( US$692 billion ) in assets under management and administration. Not all offerings are available in all jurisdictions.
Mizuho Americas is a leading financial institution comprising several legal entities, which together offer clients corporate and investment banking, financing, securities, treasury services, asset management, research and more. With professionals in offices throughout the US, Canada, Mexico, Brazil and Chile, Mizuho's operations in the Americas connect a broad client base of major corporations, financial institutions and public sector groups to local markets and a vast global network.
icro Focus Intl PLC ADS

Medallion Financial Corp. is a finance company that originates and services loans in various industries, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Medallion Bank, also originates and services consumer loans. Medallion Financial Corp. has lent more than $9 billion since its initial public offering in 1996. About LD Micro Back in 2006, LD Micro began with the sole purpose of being an independent resource to the microcap world. What started as a newsletter highlighting unique companies, has transformed into the pre-eminent event platform in the space. The upcoming "500" in September is the Company's most ambitious project yet, and the first event that is accessible to everyone.

Mackinac Financial Corporation is a bank holding company that operates through its principal subsidiary, mBank (m Bank). Through the Bank, the Company is engaged in the general commercial banking business, providing a full range of loan and deposit products. These banking services include customary retail and commercial banking services, including checking and savings accounts, time deposits, interest-bearing transaction accounts, safe deposit facilities, real estate mortgage lending, commercial lending, commercial and governmental lease financing, and direct and indirect consumer financing. Funds for the Bank's operation are also provided by brokered deposits and through borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) system, proceeds from the sale of loans and mortgage-backed and other securities, funds from repayment of outstanding loans and earnings from operations.
MFA Financial, Inc., a real estate investment trust (REIT), invests in residential agency and non-agency mortgage-backed securities (MBS), and residential whole loans in the United States (the U.S.). Its MBS are secured by hybrid mortgages, adjustable-rate mortgages, and 15-year and longer term fixed-rate mortgages, as well as by mortgages that have interest rates that reset more frequently. The company has elected to be taxed as a REIT for the U.S. federal income tax purposes and would not be subject to income taxes, if it distributes at least 90% of its taxable income to its stockholders. MFA Financial, Inc. was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
Mistras Group, Inc. offers its customers one source for asset protection solutions and is a global provider of technology-enabled asset protection solutions used to evaluate the structural integrity and reliability of critical energy, industrial and public infrastructure. The Company combines products and technologies, expertise in mechanical integrity (MI), Non-Destructive Testing (NDT), Destructive Testing (DT) and predictive maintenance (PdM) services, data analysis and enterprise inspection database management warehousing software to deliver a portfolio of customized solutions, ranging from routine inspections to plant-wide asset integrity management and assessments. The Company serves a global customer base of companies with asset-intensive infrastructure, including companies in the oil and gas, power generation, public infrastructure, chemicals, commercial aerospace and defense, transportation, primary metals and metalworking and food processing industries.
Magna International Inc. develops, manufactures, engineers, supplies, and sells automotive products. It operates through North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of World segments. The company offers body and chassis systems, and related engineering services; seating systems, including complete seating systems, seat structures and mechanisms, and foam and trim products; interior components and systems, such as garnish and hard trim, soft trim, instrument panels and consoles, overhead systems, and door panels, as well as powertrain systems, such as driveline systems, fluid pressure and controls, metal forming solutions, and engineering services and system integration solutions. It also provides vision systems comprising interior and exterior mirrors, actuators, and electronic vision systems; and closure systems comprising door modules, power closure systems, engineered glass products, window systems, latching systems, lighting systems, sealing systems, electronic features, handle assemblies, and hinges and rods. In addition, the company provides electronic systems, including driver assistance systems and electronic components; exterior systems, such as bumper fascia systems, exterior trim, modular systems, class a body panels, and structural components; and roof systems, including sliding folding and modular roofs, retractable hard tops, and soft tops. Further, it offers vehicle engineering and contract vehicle assembly services; fuel systems; engineering support services; and tooling and other products. The company was founded in 1957 and is headquartered in Aurora, Canada.
MGE Energy is an investor-owned public utility holding company headquartered in the state capital of Madison, Wis. It is the parent company of Madison Gas and Electric, which generates and distributes electricity in Dane County, Wis., and purchases and distributes natural gas in seven south-central and western Wisconsin counties. MGE Energy's assets total approximately $2 billion, and its 2019 revenues were $569 million.
Miragen Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company discovering and developing proprietary RNA-targeted therapies with a specific focus on microRNAs and their role in diseases where there is a high unmet medical need. miRagen has three clinical stage product candidates, cobomarsen, remlarsen, and MRG-110. miRagen?€?s clinical product candidate for the treatment of certain cancers, cobomarsen, is an inhibitor of miR-155, which is found at abnormally high levels in malignant cells of several blood cancers. miRagen?€?s clinical product candidate for the treatment of pathological fibrosis, remlarsen, is a replacement for miR-29, which is found at abnormally low levels in a number of pathological fibrotic conditions, including cutaneous, cardiac, renal, hepatic, pulmonary and ocular fibrosis, as well as in systemic sclerosis. MRG-110, an inhibitor of miR-92, is miRagen?€?s product candidate for the treatment of heart failure and other ischemic disease. In addition to these programs, miRagen is developing a pipeline of preclinical product candidates. The goal of miRagen?€?s translational medicine strategy is to progress rapidly to first-in-human studies once it has established the pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamic, safety, and manufacturability of the product candidate in preclinical studies
MoneyGram International, Inc. (MoneyGram) is a global payment services company. The Company's products include global money transfers, bill payment solutions and financial paper products. MoneyGram conducts its business through its wholly owned subsidiary MoneyGram Payment Systems, Inc. (MPSI). The Company operates in two segments: Global Funds Transfer and Financial Paper Products. The Company's global money transfer and bill payment services are its primary revenue drivers. The Company offers its money transfer services on the Internet via its MoneyGram Online service in the United States, United Kingdom and through agent Websites in Italy, Saudi Arabia and Japan. It also offers money transfer services via mobile phone, kiosks, ATM, receive cards and direct-to-bank account products in various markets worldwide. Effective July 8, 2013, MoneyGram International Inc acquired Latino Services, an Atlanta-based provider of money transfer services.
Magic Software Enterprises Ltd. (NASDAQ and TASE: MGIC) is a global provider of mobile and cloud-enabled application and business integration platforms.
Magellan Healthcare, Inc., the healthcare business unit of Magellan Health, Inc., offers solutions for complex conditions in the areas of behavioral health, medical specialty treatment and fully integrated managed care. Magellan Healthcare serves commercial health plans, employers, state and local governments, and the Federal government, including the Department of Defense.
MGM Resorts International is an S&P 500?? global entertainment company with national and international locations featuring best-in-class hotels and casinos, state-of-the-art meetings and conference spaces, incredible live and theatrical entertainment experiences, and an extensive array of restaurant, nightlife and retail offerings. MGM Resorts creates immersive, iconic experiences through its suite of Las Vegas -inspired brands. The MGM Resorts portfolio encompasses 29 unique hotel and destination gaming offerings in the United States and Macau, including some of the most recognizable resort brands in the industry such as Bellagio, MGM Grand, ARIA and Park MGM. The Company's 50/50 venture, BetMGM, LLC, offers U.S. sports betting and online gaming through market-leading brands, including BetMGM and partypoker. The Company is currently pursuing targeted expansion in Asia through the integrated resort opportunity in Japan. Through its "Focused on What Matters: Embracing Humanity and Protecting the Planet" initiative, MGM Resorts commits to creating a more sustainable future, while striving to make a bigger difference in the lives of its employees, guests, and in the communities where it operates. The global employees of MGM Resorts are proud of their company for being recognized as one of FORTUNE?? Magazine's World's Most Admired Companies??.
DELISTED - Rubicon Project is the world?€?s largest independent sell-side advertising platform, following its recent merger with CTV leader Telaria in April 2020. The company provides global publishers with the technology and expertise to monetize their premium content and data across all screens and formats, including desktop, mobile, audio and CTV, in a transparent environment. In addition, the world's leading agencies and brands trust Rubicon Project?€?s platform to access brand-safe, high-quality ad inventory and execute billions of advertising transactions each month. Rubicon Project is a publicly traded company headquartered in Los Angeles, California with global offices across North America, EMEA, LATAM and APAC.
MacroGenics??is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing innovative monoclonal antibody-based therapeutics for the treatment of cancer. The Company generates its pipeline of product candidates primarily from its proprietary suite of next-generation antibody-based technology platforms, which have applicability across broad therapeutic domains.
MGM Growth Properties LLC is one of the leading publicly traded real estate investment trusts engaged in the acquisition, ownership and leasing of large-scale destination entertainment and leisure resorts, whose diverse amenities include casino gaming, hotel, convention, dining, entertainment and retail offerings. MGP, together with its joint venture, currently owns a portfolio of properties, consisting of 12 premier destination resorts in Las Vegas and elsewhere across the United States, MGM Northfield Park in Northfield, OH, Empire Resort Casino in Yonkers, NY, as well as a retail and entertainment district, The Park in Las Vegas. As of??December 31, 2019, our destination resorts, the Park, Empire Resort Casino, and MGM Northfield Park collectively comprised approximately 27,400 hotel rooms, 1.4 million casino square footage, and 2.7 million convention square footage. As a growth-oriented public real estate entity, MGP expects its relationship with MGM Resorts and other entertainment providers to attractively position MGP for the acquisition of additional properties across the entertainment, hospitality and leisure industries.
MGP Ingredients, Inc. is a holding company operates through its subsidiaries MGPI Processing, Inc. (Processing) and MGPI of Indiana, LLC. The Company produces certain distillery and ingredient products which are derived from corn, rye and barley, and wheat flour. It has three segments: distillery products, ingredient solutions and other. Its distillery products consist of food grade alcohol, along with a minimal amount of fuel grade alcohol and distillers feed. The ingredient solutions products primarily consist of specialty starches, specialty proteins, commodity starches and commodity vital wheat gluten. Its other segment products are plant-based biopolymers and wood-based composite resins manufactured through further processing of certain of its starches and proteins and wood particles. On December 27, 2011, it acquired Lawrenceburg Distillers Indiana, LLC. On January 3, 2012, Processing reorganized into a holding company structure through a merger with MGPI Merger Sub, Inc.
Affiliated Managers Group, Inc., through its affiliates, operates as an asset management company providing investment management services to mutual funds, institutional clients, and high net worth individuals in the United States. It provides advisory or subadvisory services to mutual funds. These funds are distributed to retail and institutional clients directly and through intermediaries, including independent investment advisors, retirement plan sponsors, broker-dealers, major fund marketplaces, and bank trust departments. The company also offers investment products in various investment styles in the institutional distribution channel, including small, small/mid, mid, and large capitalization value and growth equity, and emerging markets. In addition, it offers quantitative, alternative, and fixed income products, and manages assets for foundations and endowments, defined benefit, and defined contribution plans for corporations and municipalities. Affiliated Managers Group provides investment management or customized investment counseling and fiduciary services. The company was formed as a corporation under the laws of Delaware in 1993. Affiliated Managers Group is based in Prides Crossing, Massachusetts.
Affiliated Managers Group Inc
McGrath RentCorp (MGRC) is a diversified business to business rental company. The Comapny has three rental divisions: relocatable modular buildings, electronic test equipment, and liquid and solid containment tanks and boxes. The Company's primary emphasis is on equipment rentals, sales of equipment. The Company consists of four business segments: its modular building and portable storage rental division (Mobile Modular); its electronic test equipment rental division (TRS-RenTelco); its wholly owned subsidiary providing containment solutions for the storage of hazardous and non-hazardous liquids and solids (Adler Tanks), and its wholly owned subsidiary classroom manufacturing business selling modular buildings used primarily as classrooms in California (Enviroplex).
Magenta Therapeutics Inc - Ordinary Shares
MeiraGTx Holdings plc
Magnolia Oil & Gas Corporation Class A
Magyar Bancorp is the parent company of Magyar Bank, a community bank headquartered in New Brunswick, New Jersey. Magyar Bank has been serving families and businesses in Central New Jersey since 1922 with a complete line of financial products and services. Today, Magyar operates seven branch locations in New Brunswick, North Brunswick, South Brunswick, Branchburg, Bridgewater and Edison (2).
Maiden Holdings Ltd. Pref Shs Ser A (Bermuda)
Maiden Holdings North America Ltd. 7.125% Non-Cumulative Preference Shares Series C
Mastech Digital (NYSE American: MHH) is a leading provider of Digital Transformation IT Services. The Company offers Data Management and Analytics Solutions, Digital Learning, and IT Staffing Services with a Digital First approach. A minority-owned enterprise, Mastech Digital is headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA with offices across North America, EMEA, India and ASEAN countries. Mastech InfoTrellis is the wholly-owned subsidiary of Mastech Digital which offers professional services across data management, data engineering, and data science.
Mohawk Industries, Inc. (Mohawk) is a producer of floor covering products for residential and commercial applications in the United States and residential applications in Europe. The Company is a carpet and rug manufacturer and manufacturers, marketers and distributors of ceramic tile, natural stone and hardwood flooring in the United States, as well as a producer of laminate flooring in the United States and Europe. The Company has three reporting segments: the Mohawk segment, the Dal-Tile segment and the Unilin segment. The Company has recently expanded its international presence through investments in Australia, Brazil, China, France, Mexico and Russia. In January 2013, the Company acquired Pergo. In April 2013, it completed the acquisition of the Marazzi Group. In May 2013, the Company acquired Spano Group.

Maiden Holdings, Ltd. is a Bermuda-based holding company formed in 2007.
Maiden Holdings North American Ltd. 7.75% Nts 12/01/2043
M/I Homes, Inc. is a builder of single-family homes. The Company consists of two distinct operations and reporting segments: homebuilding and financial services. The Company's homebuilding operations, for reporting purposes, are divided into three reporting segments - the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic and Southern regions. The Company's financial services operations support the Company's homebuilding operations by providing mortgage loans and title services to the customers of its homebuilding operations. The Company designs , market, construct and sells single-family homes, attached townhomes, and condominiums to first-time, move-up, empty-nester and luxury buyers, with a particular focus on first-time and value-focused buyers.
Macquarie Infrastructure Company LLC (MIC) owns, operates and invests in a diversified group of infrastructure businesses that provide basic services, such as chilled water for building cooling and gas utility services to businesses and individuals primarily in the United States. The businesses it owns and operates include individual segments with three of them grouped as the Energy-Related Businesses. MIC owns 50% of IMTT. IMTT stores and handles petroleum products, various chemicals, renewable fuels and vegetable and animal oils. Atlantic Aviation operates FBOs at 65 airports in the United States. Macquarie Infrastructure Management (USA) Inc. (MIMUSA), which is its Manager, is part of the Macquarie Group, consisting of Macquarie Group Limited and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. On August 31, 2011, Atlantic Aviation acquired the assets of the FBOs at the Portland International and Eugene airports in Oregon (together referred to as Flightcraft).
MICT, Inc.??(NasdaqCM:??MICT) operates through its subsidiaries,??GFH Intermediate Holdings Ltd.??("GFHI") and Micronet Ltd. ("Micronet"). GFHI's versatile proprietary trading technology platform is designed to serve a large number of high growth sectors in the global fintech space. Primary areas of focus include online brokerage for equities trading and wealth management services and sales of insurance products in several high-growth foreign markets including??Asia??where GFH owns a substantial propriety database of users. Micronet operates in the growing telematics and commercial Mobile Resource Management (MRM) market, mainly in??the??United States and Europe. Micronet designs, develops, manufactures and sells mobile computing solutions that provide fleet operators and field workforces with computing solutions in challenging work environments.
The Middleby Corporation is a global leader in the foodservice equipment industry. The Company develops, manufactures, markets and services a broad line of equipment used in the commercial foodservice, food processing, and residential kitchen equipment industries. The Company's leading equipment brands serving the commercial foodservice industry include Anets??, APW Wyott??, Bakers Pride??, Beech??, BKI??, Blodgett??, Blodgett Combi??, Blodgett Range??, Bloomfield??, Britannia??, Carter-Hoffmann??, Celfrost??, Concordia??, CookTek??, Crown??, CTX??, Desmon??, Deutsche Beverage??, Doyon??, Eswood??, EVO??, Firex??, Follett??, frifri??, Giga??, Globe??, Goldstein??, Holman??, Houno??, IMC??, Induc??, Ink Kegs??, Jade??, JoeTap??, Josper??, L2F??, Lang??, Lincat??, MagiKitch'n??, Market Forge??, Marsal??, Middleby Marshall??, MPC??, Nieco??, Nu-Vu??, PerfectFry??, Pitco??, QualServ??, RAM??, Southbend??, Ss Brewtech??, Star??, Starline??, Sveba Dahlen??, Synesso??, Taylor??, Toastmaster??, TurboChef??, Ultrafryer??, Varimixer??, Wells?? and Wunder-Bar??. The Company?€?s leading equipment brands serving the food processing industry include Alkar??, Armor Inox??, Auto-Bake??, Baker Thermal Solutions??, Burford??, Cozzini??, CVP Systems??, Danfotech??, Deutsche Process??, Drake??, Emico??, Glimek??, Hinds-Bock??, Maurer-Atmos??, MP Equipment??, M-TEK??, Pacproinc??, RapidPak??, Scanico??, Spooner Vicars??, Stewart Systems??, Thurne?? and Ve.Ma.C.??. The Company?€?s leading equipment brands serving the residential kitchen industry include AGA?? AGA Cookshop??, Brava??, EVO??, Fired Earth??, Heartland??, La Cornue??, Leisure Sinks??, Lynx??, Marvel??, Mercury??, Rangemaster??, Rayburn??, Redfyre??, Sedona??, Stanley??, TurboChef??, U-Line?? and Viking??.
The Michaels Companies, Inc. is North America's largest specialty provider of arts, crafts, framing, floral, wall d??cor, and seasonal merchandise for Makers and do-it-yourself home decorators. The Company operates more than 1,275 Michaels stores in 49 states and Canada. Additionally, the Company serves customers through digital platforms including Michaels.com and Canada.michaels.com. The Michaels Companies, Inc., also owns Artistree, a manufacturer of high-quality custom and specialty framing merchandise. For a list of store locations or to shop online, visit www.michaels.com or download the Michaels app.
Mimecast was born in 2003 with a focus on delivering relentless protection. Each day, we take on cyber disruption for our tens of thousands of customers around the globe; always putting them first, and never giving up on tackling their biggest security challenges together. We are the company that built an intentional and scalable design ideology that solves the number one cyberattack vector ?€? email. We continuously invest to thoughtfully integrate brand protection, security awareness training, web security, compliance and other essential capabilities. Mimecast is here to help protect large and small organizations from malicious activity, human error and technology failure; and to lead the movement toward building a more resilient world. www.mimecast.com Mimecast and the Mimecast logo are registered trademarks of Mimecast. All other third-party trademarks and logos contained in this press release are the property of their respective owners. Non-GAAP Financial Measures We have provided in this press release financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP. We use these non-GAAP financial measures internally in analyzing our financial results and believe they are useful to investors, as a supplement to GAAP measures, in evaluating our ongoing operational performance. We believe that the use of these non-GAAP financial measures provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing our financial results with other companies in our industry, many of which present similar non-GAAP financial measures to investors. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures provided in the financial statement tables included below in this press release. Revenue Constant Currency Growth Rate. We believe revenue constant currency growth rate is a key indicator of our operating results. We calculate revenue constant currency growth rate by translating revenue from entities reporting in foreign currencies into U.S. dollars using the comparable foreign currency exchange rates from the prior fiscal period. To determine projected revenue growth rates on a constant currency basis for the third quarter and full year 2021, expected revenue from entities reporting in foreign currencies is translated into U.S. dollars using the comparable prior year period?€?s monthly average foreign currency exchange rates. Non- GAAP gross profit and Non-GAAP gross profit percentage. We define non-GAAP gross profit as gross profit, adjusted to exclude: share-based compensation expense and amortization of acquired intangible assets. We define non-GAAP gross profit percentage as non-GAAP gross profit divided by GAAP revenue. We consider these non-GAAP financial measures to be useful metrics for management and investors because they exclude the effect of non-cash charges for share-based compensation expense and amortization of acquired intangible assets so that our management and investors can compare our recurring core business net results over multiple periods. There are a number of limitations related to the use of non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP gross profit percentage versus gross profit and gross profit percentage calculated in accordance with GAAP. For example, as noted above, non-GAAP gross profit and gross profit percentage excludes share-based compensation expense and amortization of acquired intangible assets. Management compensates for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the GAAP amounts excluded from non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP gross profit percentage and evaluates non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP gross profit percentage together with gross profit and gross profit percentage calculated in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP operating expenses and Non-GAAP income from operations. We provide investors with certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP research and development expense, non-GAAP sales and marketing expense, non-GAAP general and administrative expense and non-GAAP income from operations (collectively the ?€?non-GAAP operating financial measures?€?). These non-GAAP operating financial measures exclude the following, as applicable (as reflected in the reconciliation tables that follow): share-based compensation expense; amortization of acquired intangible assets; impairment of long-lived assets; restructuring expense; acquisition-related gains and expenses; and litigation-related expenses. We consider these non-GAAP operating financial measures to be useful metrics for management and investors because it excludes the effect of share-based compensation expense and certain ?€?one-time?€? charges so that our management and investors can compare our recurring core business net results over multiple periods. There are a number of limitations related to the use of these non-GAAP operating financial measures versus the applicable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. For example, as noted above, the non-GAAP operating financial measures exclude share-based compensation expense and certain ?€?one-time?€? charges. In addition, the components of the costs that we exclude in our calculation of non-GAAP operating financial measures may differ from the components that our peer companies exclude when they report their non-GAAP results of operations. Management compensates for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the GAAP amounts excluded from non-GAAP operating financial measures and evaluates non-GAAP operating financial measures together with the applicable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP net income. We define non-GAAP net income as net income (loss), adjusted to exclude: share-based compensation expense; amortization of acquired intangible assets; impairment of long-lived assets; restructuring expense; acquisition-related gains and expenses; litigation-related expenses; and the income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments. We consider this non-GAAP financial measure to be a useful metric for management and investors because it excludes the effect of share-based compensation expense, certain ?€?one-time?€? charges and related income tax effects so that our management and investors can compare our recurring core business net results over multiple periods. There are a number of limitations related to the use of non-GAAP net income versus net income (loss) calculated in accordance with GAAP. For example, as noted above, non-GAAP net income excludes share-based compensation expense, certain ?€?one-time?€? charges and related income tax effects. In addition, the components of the costs that we exclude in our calculation of non-GAAP net income may differ from the components that our peer companies exclude when they report their non-GAAP results of operations. Management compensates for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the GAAP amounts excluded from non-GAAP net income and evaluating non-GAAP net income together with net income (loss) calculated in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are key indicators of our operating results. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), adjusted to exclude: depreciation; amortization; disposals and impairment of long-lived assets; acquisition-related gains and expenses; litigation-related expenses; share-based compensation expense; restructuring expense; interest income and interest expense; the provision for income taxes; and foreign exchange income (expense). We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA over GAAP revenue in the period. We use Adjusted EBITDA as part of our overall assessment of our performance, for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating budget, to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, to communicate with our board of directors concerning our financial performance and for establishing incentive compensation metrics for executives and other senior employees. Free cash flow. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities minus capital expenditures. We consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by the business that, after the acquisition of property, equipment and capitalized software, can be used for strategic opportunities, including investing in our business, and strengthening the balance sheet. Analysis of free cash flow facilitates management?€?s comparisons of our operating results to competitors?€? operating results. A limitation of using free cash flow versus the GAAP measure of net cash provided by operating activities as a means for evaluating our company is that free cash flow does not represent the total increase or decrease in the cash balance from operations for the period because it excludes cash used for capital expenditures during the period. Management compensates for this limitation by providing information about our capital expenditures on the face of the cash flow statement and in the liquidity and capital resources discussion included in our annual and quarterly reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Mitcham Industries, Inc. provides technology to the oceanographic, hydrographic, defense, seismic and security industries. Headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas, Mitcham has a global presence with operating locations in the United States, Canada, Singapore, Malaysia, Hungary, Colombia and the United Kingdom. Mitcham's worldwide Marine Technology Products segment, which includes its Seamap and Klein Marine Systems units, designs, manufactures and sells specialized, high performance, marine sonar and seismic equipment.

Mirum Pharmaceuticals Inc
Milestone Pharmaceuticals Inc Ordinary Shares
Mitek is a global leader in mobile capture and digital identity verification built on the latest advancements in computer vision and artificial intelligence. Mitek?€?s identity verification solutions enable organizations to verify an individual?€?s identity during digital transactions to reduce risk and meet regulatory requirements, while increasing revenue from digital channels. More than 7,500 organizations use Mitek to enable trust and convenience for mobile check deposit, new account opening and more. Mitek is based in San Diego, Calif., with offices across the U.S. and Europe.
Stealth BioTherapeutics Corp - ADR
AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. is a hybrid mortgage REIT that opportunistically invests in and manages a diversified risk-adjusted portfolio of Agency RMBS and Credit Investments, which include Residential Investments and Commercial Investments. AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. is externally managed and advised by AG REIT Management, LLC, a subsidiary of Angelo, Gordon & Co., L.P., an SEC-registered investment adviser that specializes in alternative investment activities.
AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. 8.25% Preferred Series A
AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. Preferred Series B

MiX??Telematics is a leading global provider of fleet and mobile asset management solutions, delivered as SaaS, to more than more than three quarters of a million subscribers in over 120 countries. In the U.S.,??MiX??Telematics offers a broad range of solutions; from self-service telematics software that runs on any mobile device to enterprise solutions that are ELD compliant and include dedicated account managers who proactively monitor to ensure that customers achieve optimal value for their investment. The company provides solutions for efficiency, safety, compliance and security to fleets of all sizes. MiX??Telematics was founded in 1996 and has offices in the United States, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Uganda, Brazil, Mexico, Australia and the United Arab Emirates as well as a network of more than 130 fleet partners worldwide. MiX??Telematics shares are publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE: MIX).
Bank of Montreal Quebec MicroSectors Cannabis ETNs 2039
Bank of Montreal Quebec MicroSectors Cannabis 2X Leveraged ETNs 2039
McCormick & Company, Incorporated??is a global leader in flavor. With over??$5 billion??in annual sales across 150 countries and territories, we manufacture, market and distribute spices, seasoning mixes, condiments and other flavorful products to the entire food industry including ecommerce channels, grocery, food manufacturers and foodservice businesses. Our most popular brands with trademark registrations include McCormick, French's, Frank's RedHot, Stubb's, OLD BAY, Lawry's, Zatarain's, Ducros, Vahin??, Schwartz, Kamis, Kohinoor, DaQiao, Club House, Aeroplane and Gourmet Garden. Every day, no matter where or what you eat or drink, you can enjoy food flavored by McCormick. Founded in 1889 and headquartered in??Hunt Valley, Maryland??USA, McCormick is guided by our principles and committed to our Purpose ?€? To Stand Together for the Future of Flavor. McCormick envisions A World United by Flavor where healthy, sustainable and delicious go hand in hand.
McCormick & Company, Incorporated manufactures, markets, and distributes spices, seasoning mixes, condiments, and other flavorful products to the food industry worldwide. It operates through two segments, Consumer and Industrial. The Consumer segment offers spices, herbs, seasonings, and dessert items under the McCormick, Lawry??s, Club House, Zatarain??s, Thai Kitchen, Simply Asia, Ducros, Schwartz, Kamis, Vahin??, DaQiao, Aeroplane, and Kohinoor brand names, as well as supplies private label items. This segment markets its products directly and indirectly through distributors or wholesalers to various retail outlets that include grocery stores, mass merchandise stores, warehouse clubs, and discount and drug stores. The Industrial segment provides seasoning blends, spices and herbs, condiments, coating systems, and compound flavors. This segment offers its products directly and indirectly through distributors to food manufacturers and foodservice customers. The company was founded in 1889 and is based in Sparks, Maryland.
Molecular Data Inc. is a leading technology-driven platform in China?€?s chemical industry, connecting participants along the chemical value chain through integrated solutions. The Company delivers e-commerce solutions, financial solutions, warehousing and logistics solutions, and SaaS suite that are intended to solve pain points for participants in the traditional chemical industry. Built upon a comprehensive knowledge engine and artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities, the Company?€?s e-commerce solutions are mainly offered through its online platform, consisting of molbase.com, molbase.cn, Moku Data WeChat account, Chemical Community APP and other ancillary platforms.
Monaker Group, Inc., is an innovative technology-driven company focused on delivering inventory and booking solutions for the alternative lodging rental (ALR) market. The company?€?s proprietary Monaker Booking Engine (MBE) is designed to provide connected partners?€? access to search, instantly confirm property availability, and to book vacation rental homes, villas, chalets, apartments, condos, resort residences and castles. MBE offers travel distributors and agencies a platform to dynamically package and sell alternative lodging rentals.
Markel Corporation is a diverse financial holding company serving a variety of niche markets. The Company's principal business markets and underwrites specialty insurance products. In each of the Company's businesses, it seeks to provide quality products and excellent customer service so that it can be a market leader. The financial goals of the Company are to earn consistent underwriting and operating profits and superior investment returns to build shareholder value. Visit Markel Corporation on the web at markel.com. SOURCE Markel Corporation Related Links http://www.markelcorp.com
MKS Instruments, Inc. is a global provider of instruments, systems, subsystems and process control solutions that measure, monitor, deliver, analyze, power and control critical parameters of advanced manufacturing processes to improve process performance and productivity for our customers. Our products are derived from our core competencies in pressure measurement and control, flow measurement and control, gas and vapor delivery, gas composition analysis, electronic control technology, reactive gas generation and delivery, power generation and delivery, vacuum technology, lasers, photonics, optics, precision motion control, vibration control and laser-based manufacturing systems solutions. We also provide services relating to the maintenance and repair of our products, installation services and training. Our primary served markets include semiconductor, industrial technologies, life and health sciences, research and defense.
MarketAxess operates a leading, institutional electronic trading platform delivering expanded liquidity opportunities, improved execution quality and significant cost savings across global fixed-income markets. A global network of over 1,700 firms, including the world?€?s leading asset managers and institutional broker-dealers, leverages MarketAxess?€? patented trading technology to efficiently trade bonds. MarketAxess?€? award-winning Open Trading??? marketplace is regarded as the preferred all-to-all trading solution in the global credit markets, creating a unique liquidity pool for a broad range of credit market participants. Drawing on its deep data and analytical resources, MarketAxess provides automated trading solutions, market data products and a range of pre- and post-trade services. MarketAxess is headquartered in New York and has offices in London, Amsterdam, Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles, Miami, San Francisco, S??o Paulo, Hong Kong and Singapore.
Mesa Labs is a global leader in the design and manufacturing of critical quality control solutions for the pharmaceutical, healthcare, medical device, industrial safety, environmental, and food and beverage industries. Mesa offers products and services through four divisions (Sterilization and Disinfection Control, Biopharmaceutical Development, Instruments and Continuous Monitoring) to help our customers ensure product integrity, increase patient and worker safety, and improve the quality of life throughout the world.

Malacca Straits Acquisition Company Limited Units
Malacca Straits Acquisition Company Ltd Red Wt 06302027
The Company, with its American depositary shares listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, is a developer, owner and operator of integrated resort facilities in Asia and Europe. The Company currently operates Altira Macau ( www.altiramacau.com ), an integrated resort located at Taipa, Macau and City of Dreams ( www.cityofdreamsmacau.com ), an integrated resort located in Cotai, Macau. Its business also includes the Mocha Clubs ( www.mochaclubs.com ), which comprise the largest non-casino based operations of electronic gaming machines in Macau. The Company also majority owns and operates Studio City ( www.studiocity-macau.com ), a cinematically-themed integrated resort in Cotai, Macau. In the Philippines, a Philippine subsidiary of the Company currently operates and manages City of Dreams Manila ( www.cityofdreamsmanila.com ), an integrated resort in the Entertainment City complex in Manila. In Europe, the Company is currently developing City of Dreams Mediterranean ( www.cityofdreamsmed.com.cy ) in the Republic of Cyprus, which is expected to be the largest and premier integrated destination resort in Europe. The Company is currently operating a temporary casino, the first authorized casino in the Republic of Cyprus, and is licensed to operate four satellite casinos (?€?Cyprus Casinos?€?). Upon the opening of City of Dreams Mediterranean, the Company will continue to operate the satellite casinos while operation of the temporary casino will cease.
Herman Miller is a globally recognized leader in design. Since its inception in 1905, the company's innovative, problem-solving designs and furnishings have inspired the best in people wherever they live, work, learn, heal, and play. In 2018, Herman Miller created Herman Miller Group, a purposefully selected, complementary family of brands that includes Colebrook Bosson Saunders, Design Within Reach, Geiger, HAY, Maars Living Walls, Maharam, naughtone, and Nemschoff. Guided by a shared purpose?€?design for the good of humankind?€?Herman Miller Group shapes places that matter for customers while contributing to a more equitable and sustainable future for all.
Mueller Industries, Inc. is a manufacturer of copper, brass, plastic, and aluminum products. The Company's products include copper tube and fittings; brass and copper alloy rod, bar, and shapes; aluminum and brass forgings; aluminum and copper impact extrusions; plastic pipe, fittings and valves; refrigeration valves and fittings; fabricated tubular products; and steel nipples. The Company also resells imported brass and plastic plumbing valves, malleable iron fittings, faucets and plumbing specialty products. Mueller's operations are located throughout the United States and in Canada, Mexico, Great Britain, and China. The Company has two segments: the Plumbing & Refrigeration segment and the Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) segment. In October 2013, Commercial Metals Company completed the sale of Howell Metal Company, to Mueller Copper Tube Products, Inc., a subsidiary of Mueller Industries, Inc.
Martin Marietta, a member of the S&P 500 Index, is an American-based company and a leading supplier of building materials, including aggregates, cement, ready mixed concrete and asphalt. Through a network of operations spanning 27 states, Canada and The Bahamas, dedicated Martin Marietta teams supply the resources necessary for building the solid foundations on which our communities thrive. Martin Marietta?€?s Magnesia Specialties business provides a full range of magnesium oxide, magnesium hydroxide and dolomitic lime products.
OvaScience, Inc., is a life science company developing products to improve the treatment of female infertility based on recent scientific discoveries about the existence of egg precursor cells. The Company holds license from Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) to an issued patent and various patent applications directed to methods of identifying and purifying egg precursor cells, compositions comprising egg precursor cells and methods of using egg precursor cells to treat infertility and related disorders. The Company's product candidates are AUGMENT and OvaTure. The Company's designs AUGMENT to treat infertility due to poor egg quality. OvaTure involves the creation of mature fertilizable eggs from a woman's own egg precursor cells.
Maui Land & Pineapple Company, Inc. develops, sells, and manages residential, resort, commercial, agricultural and industrial real estate. The Company owns approximately 23,000 acres of land on Maui and manages properties, utilities, and a nature preserve at the Kapalua Resort. MAUI LAND & PINEAPPLE COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS June 30, December 31, 2020 2019 (unaudited) (audited) (in thousands except share data) ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash $ 340 $ 683 Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $114 and $35, respectively 1,726 1,173 Prepaid expenses and other assets 146 101 Assets held for sale 7,615 7,597 Total current assets 9,827 9,554 PROPERTY 52,215 52,164 Accumulated depreciation (33,091 ) (32,445 ) Property, net 19,124 19,719 OTHER ASSETS Deferred development costs 8,504 8,504 Other noncurrent assets 1,253 1,342 Total other assets 9,757 9,846 TOTAL ASSETS $ 38,708 $ 39,119 LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable $ 521 $ 1,356 Payroll and employee benefits 559 928 Current portion of accrued retirement benefits 165 165 Deferred club membership revenue 312 35 Other current liabilities 633 468 Total current liabilities 2,190 2,952 LONG-TERM LIABILITIES Long-term debt - 1,035 Accrued retirement benefits, net of current portion 9,453 9,702 Deferred license fee revenue 1,834 - Deposits 2,649 2,674 Other noncurrent liabilities 64 64 Total long-term liabilities 14,000 13,475 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Common stock--no par value, 43,000,000 shares authorized, 19,291,102 and 19,238,081 shares issued and outstanding 81,251 80,606 Additional paid-in-capital 9,184 9,184 Accumulated deficit (47,531 ) (46,300 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (20,386 ) (20,798 ) Total stockholders' equity 22,518 22,692 TOTAL LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 38,708 $ 39,119 MAUI LAND & PINEAPPLE COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) Three Months Ended June 30, 2020 2019 (in thousands except per share amounts) OPERATING REVENUES Real estate $ 90 $ 209 Leasing 1,436 2,038 Resort amenities and other 184 248 Total operating revenues 1,710 2,495 OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES Real estate 192 255 Leasing 827 714 Resort amenities and other 169 208 General and administrative 559 510 Share-based compensation 402 374 Depreciation 323 360 Total operating costs and expenses 2,472 2,421 OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) (762 ) 74 Gain on investment 894 - Pension and other post-retirement expenses (117 ) (256 ) Interest expense (30 ) (63 ) LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS $ (15 ) $ (245 ) Income (Loss) from discontinued operations, net (142 ) 64 NET LOSS $ (157 ) $ (181 ) Pension, net 206 211 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME $ 49 $ 30 EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE-BASIC AND DILUTED Loss from Continuing Operations $ - $ (0.01 ) Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations $ (0.01 ) $ - Net Loss $ (0.01 ) $ (0.01 ) MAUI LAND & PINEAPPLE COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (UNAUDITED) Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 2019 (in thousands except per share amounts) OPERATING REVENUES Real estate $ 158 $ 366 Leasing 3,172 3,954 Resort amenities and other 414 509 Total operating revenues 3,744 4,829 OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES Real estate 367 521 Leasing 1,603 1,439 Resort amenities and other 740 533 General and administrative 1,318 1,350 Share-based compensation 827 972 Depreciation 645 722 Total operating costs and expenses 5,500 5,537 OPERATING LOSS (1,756 ) (708 ) Gain on investment 894 - Pension and other post-retirement expenses (234 ) (509 ) Interest expense (76 ) (110 ) LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS $ (1,172 ) $ (1,327 ) Income (Loss) from discontinued operations, net (59 ) 52 NET LOSS $ (1,231 ) $ (1,275 ) Pension, net 412 423 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS $ (819 ) $ (852 ) EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE-BASIC AND DILUTED Loss from Continuing Operations $ (0.06 ) $ (0.07 ) Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations $ - $ - Net Loss $ (0.06 ) $ (0.07 ) Contact: Michael S. Hotta mhotta@kapalua.com
ETRACS Quarterly Pay 1.5X Leveraged Alerian MLP Index ETN
Miller Industries is The World's Largest Manufacturer of Towing and Recovery Equipment??, and markets its towing and recovery equipment under a number of well-recognized brands, including Century??, Vulcan??, Chevron???, Holmes??, Challenger??, Champion??, Jige???, Boniface???, Titan?? and Eagle??. SOURCE Miller Industries, Inc. Related Links http://www.millerind.com
Milestone Scientific Inc. (Milestone) is engaged in computer-controlled injection technologies and solutions for the medical and dental markets. Milestone has developed a computer-controlled anesthetic delivery instrument, through the use of The Wand, a single use disposable handpiece. The instrument is marketed in dentistry under CompuDent, Wand Plus and STA (Single Tooth Anesthesia) and in medicine under CompuMed. CompuDent is for all dental procedures, which require local anesthetic. CompuMed and Wand Plus are suitable for medical procedures regularly performed in Plastic Surgery, Hair Restoration Surgery, Podiatry, Colorectal Surgery, Dermatology and Orthopedics. In July 2011, it entered into a definitive joint venture agreement with Beijing 3H (Heart-Help-Health) Scientific Technology Co., Ltd. (Beijing 3H) for the development, commercialization, manufacture and marketing of epidural and intra-articular injection instruments. Milestone has a 50% interest in the joint venture.
No Description Available
MMA Capital Management, LLC creates investment opportunities. The company operates through two segments, US Operations and International Operations. Its bond portfolio comprises multifamily tax-exempt bonds, community development district bonds, and other real estate related bond investments. The company offers low-income housing tax credits; and other investments and obligations that include legacy assets, as well as serves as research and development unit for new business opportunities. It also raises, invests in, and manages private real estate funds, which invest in affordable for-sale and rental housing primarily in South Africa. The company was formerly known as Municipal Mortgage & Equity, LLC and changed its name to MMA Capital Management, LLC in September 2014. MMA Capital Management, LLC was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland.
Marsh & McLennan is the world?€?s leading professional services firm in the areas of risk, strategy and people. The Company?€?s 76,000 colleagues advise clients in over 130 countries. With annual revenue of $17 billion, Marsh & McLennan helps clients navigate an increasingly dynamic and complex environment through four market-leading businesses. Marsh advises individual and commercial clients of all sizes on insurance broking and innovative risk management solutions. Guy Carpenter develops advanced risk, reinsurance and capital strategies that help clients grow profitably and pursue emerging opportunities. Mercer delivers advice and solutions to help organizations reshape work, retirement, investment and health outcomes for a changing workforce. Oliver Wyman serves as a critical strategic, economic and brand advisor to private sector and governmental clients.
With over 2,000 investment sales and financing professionals located throughout the United States and Canada, Marcus & Millichap is a leading specialist in commercial real estate investment sales, financing, research and advisory services. Founded in 1971, the firm closed 9,726 transactions in 2019 with a value of approximately $50 billion. Marcus & Millichap has perfected a powerful system for marketing properties that combines investment specialization, local market expertise, the industry?€?s most comprehensive research, state-of-the-art technology, and relationships with the largest pool of qualified investors.
Martin Midstream Partners L.P. is a publicly traded limited partnership with a diverse set of operations focused primarily in the United States Gulf Coast region. The Partnership's primary business lines include: (1) terminalling, processing, storage, and packaging services for petroleum products and by-products; (2) land and marine transportation services for petroleum products and by-products, chemicals, and specialty products; (3) sulfur and sulfur-based products processing, manufacturing, marketing and distribution; and (4) natural gas liquids marketing, distribution, and transportation services.
3M Company (3M) is a diversified technology company. The Company operates in six segments: industrial and transportation; healthcare; consumer and office; safety, security and protection services; display and graphics, and electro and communications businesses. 3M products are sold through a number of distribution channels, including directly to users and through wholesalers, retailers, jobbers, distributors and dealers in a range of trades in a number of countries worldwide. In April 2012, it acquired CodeRyte Inc. In September 2012, it acquired the business of Federal Signal Technologies Group (FSTech) from Federal Signal Corporation. On November 28, 2012, the Company acquired Ceradyne, Inc.
Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. is a publicly traded partnership that primarily transports, stores and distributes refined petroleum products and crude oil. The partnership owns the longest refined petroleum products pipeline system in the country, with access to nearly 50% of the nation's refining capacity, and can store more than 100 million barrels of petroleum products such as gasoline, diesel fuel and crude oil.
Since 1975, MAXIMUS has operated under its founding mission of Helping Government Serve the People ??, enabling citizens around the globe to successfully engage with their governments at all levels and across a variety of health and human services programs. MAXIMUS delivers innovative business process management and technology solutions that contribute to improved outcomes for citizens and higher levels of productivity, accuracy, accountability and efficiency of government-sponsored programs. With more than 35,000 employees worldwide, MAXIMUS is a proud partner to government agencies in the United States, Australia, Canada, Italy, Saudi Arabia, Singapore and the United Kingdom.
Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (Merit) designs, develops, manufactures and markets medical devices used in interventional and diagnostic procedures. The Company operates in the cardiology, radiology, pulmonology, thoracic surgery, nephrology, vascular surgery and gastroenterology markets. It operates in two segments: cardiovascular segment, which consists of cardiology and radiology devices that assist in diagnosing and treating coronary arterial disease, peripheral vascular disease and other non-vascular diseases, and includes the embolotherapeutic products, and endoscopy segment consists of gastroenterology and pulmonology medical devices, which assist in the palliative treatment of expanding esophageal, tracheobronchial and biliary strictures caused by malignant tumors. In February 2012, the Company acquired the assets of Ostial Solutions, LLC. In December 2012, the Company acquired Thomas Medical Products, Inc.
MacMillan Minerals
MakeMyTrip Limited is India's leading online travel company. We own and operate well recognized online brands, including MakeMyTrip, Goibibo and redBus. Through our primary websites, www.makemytrip.com, www.goibibo.com, www.redbus.in, and mobile platforms, travelers can research, plan and book a wide range of travel services and products in India as well as overseas. Our services and products include air ticketing, hotel and alternative accommodations bookings, holiday planning and packaging, rail ticketing, bus ticketing, car hire and ancillary travel requirements such as facilitating access to third-party travel insurance and visa processing. We provide our customers with access to all major domestic full-service and low-cost airlines operating in India and all major airlines operating to and from India, over 77,000 domestic accommodation properties in India and more than 700,000 properties outside India, Indian Railways and all major Indian bus operators.
Manning??& Napier provides a broad range of investment solutions through separately managed accounts, mutual funds, and collective investment trust funds, as well as a variety of consultative services that complement our investment process. Founded in 1970, we offer equity, fixed income and alternative strategies, as well as a range of blended asset portfolios, including life cycle funds. We serve a diversified client base of high-net-worth individuals and institutions, including 401(k) plans, pension plans, Taft-Hartley plans, endowments and foundations. For many of these clients, our relationship goes beyond investment management and includes customized solutions that address key issues and solve client-specific problems. We are headquartered in Fairport, NY.
Monocle Acquisition Corporation is a public investment vehicle formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses with a focus in the aerospace and defense sectors. About AerSale AerSale serves a diverse customer base operating large jets manufactured by Boeing, Airbus and McDonnell Douglas and is dedicated to providing integrated aftermarket services and products designed to help aircraft owners and operators to realize significant savings in the operation, maintenance and monetization of their aircraft, engines, and components. AerSale?€?s offerings include: Aircraft & Component MRO, Aircraft and Engine Sales and Leasing, Used Serviceable Material sales, and internally developed ?€?Engineered Solutions?€? to enhance aircraft performance, operating economics and satisfy FAA mandates (e.g. AerSafe???, AerTrak???, and now AerAware???). Monocle Acquisition Corporation expects to complete its business combination with AerSale in the fourth quarter of 2020.
Monocle Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord & 1 War)
Monocle Acquisition Corp - Warrants (06/12/2024)
MIND C.T.I. Ltd. (MIND) develops, manufactures and markets real-time and off-line billing and customer care software for various types of communication providers, including traditional wireline and wireless, voice-over Internet protocol (VoIP), and broadband Internet protocol (IP) network operators, Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access, Inc. (WiMAX) operators, cable operators, third generation (3G)/ fourth generation (4G) operators and mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs). The Company's convergent billing and customer care solution supports multiple services, including voice, data and content services, as well as both prepaid and postpaid payment models in a single platform. The prepaid solution authorizes each service and controls each session in real time, taking care that the balance is not exceeded. Postpaid subscribers, including credit-limited and non-limited, retail or business customers, represent the higher average revenue per user (ARPU) market.
MannKind Corporation focuses on the development and commercialization of inhaled therapeutic products for patients with diseases such as diabetes and pulmonary arterial hypertension. MannKind is currently commercializing Afrezza?? (insulin human) Inhalation Powder, the Company?€?s first FDA-approved product and the only inhaled ultra rapid-acting mealtime insulin in the United States, where it is available by prescription from pharmacies nationwide. MannKind is headquartered in Westlake Village, California, and has a state-of-the art manufacturing facility in Danbury, Connecticut.
MediciNova, Inc. is a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company founded upon developing novel, small-molecule therapeutics for the treatment of diseases with unmet medical needs with a primary commercial focus on the U.S. market. MediciNova's current strategy is to focus on BC-PIV SARS-COV-2 vaccine for COVID-19, MN-166 (ibudilast) for neurological disorders such as progressive multiple sclerosis (MS), amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), degenerative cervical myelopathy (DCM), substance dependence (e.g., alcohol use disorder, methamphetamine dependence, opioid dependence) and glioblastoma (GBM), as well as prevention of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) caused by COVID-19, and MN-001 (tipelukast) for fibrotic diseases such as nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). MediciNova?€?s pipeline also includes MN-221 (bedoradrine) and MN-029 (denibulin).
Monopar Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company primarily focused on developing proprietary therapeutics designed to extend life or improve the quality of life for cancer patients. Monopar's pipeline consists of Validive ?? for the prevention of chemoradiotherapy-induced severe oral mucositis in oropharyngeal cancer patients; camsirubicin for the treatment of advanced soft tissue sarcoma; and a late-stage preclinical antibody, MNPR-101, for advanced cancers and severe COVID-19.
Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation is a company operating as a qualified real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company's primary business is the ownership of real estate. Its investment focus is to own net leased industrial properties which are leased primarily to investment-grade tenants on long-term leases. In addition, the Company holds a portfolio of REIT securities. It derives its income primarily from real estate rental operations. In November 2013, Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation announced the acquisition of a 114,923 square foot industrial building located at 21200 Spring Plaza Drive, Harris County, Spring, Texas.
Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation 6.125% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Brigham Minerals Inc Class A
Headquartered in Rochester, New York, Monro is a chain of 1,241 company-operated stores, 97 franchised locations, seven wholesale locations and three retread facilities providing automotive undercar repair and tire sales and services. The Company operates in 32 states, serving the MidAtlantic and New England regions and portions of the Great Lakes, Midwest, Southeast and Western United States. The predecessor to the Company was founded by Charles J. August in 1957 as a Midas Muffler franchise. In 1966, Monro began to diversify into a full line of undercar repair services. The Company has experienced significant growth in recent years through acquisitions and, to a lesser extent, the opening of newly constructed stores. The Company went public in 1991 and trades on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol MNRO.
No Description Available
MainStreet Bancshares Inc
MINISO Group Holding Limited is a fast-growing global value retailer offering a variety of design-led lifestyle products. The Company serves consumers primarily through its large network of MINISO stores, and promotes a relaxing, treasure-hunting and engaging shopping experience full of delightful surprises that appeals to all demographics. Aesthetically pleasing design, quality and affordability are at the core of every product in MINISO's wide product portfolio, and the Company continually and frequently rolls out products with these qualities. Within seven years since MINISO opened its first store in China in 2013, the Company had built its flagship brand "MINISO" as a globally recognized retail brand and established a massive store network worldwide.
Monster Beverage Corporation is a holding company. The Company develops, markets, sells and distributes alternative beverage, such as non-carbonated ready-to-drink iced teas, lemonades, juice cocktails, single-serve juices and fruit beverages, ready-to-drink dairy and coffee drinks, energy drinks, sports drinks, and single-serve still water (flavored and unflavored) with beverages, including sodas that are considered natural, sparkling juices and flavored sparkling beverages. It has two reportable segments, namely Direct Store Delivery (DSD), whose principal products comprise energy drinks, and Warehouse (Warehouse), whose principal products comprise juice-based and soda beverages. The DSD segment develops, markets and sells products primarily through an exclusive distributor network. The Warehouse segment develops, markets and sells products directly to retailers.
Manitex International, Inc. is a leading worldwide provider of highly engineered mobile cranes (truck mounted straightmast and knuckle boom cranes, industrial cranes, rough terrain cranes and railroad cranes), truck mounted aerial work platforms and specialized industrial equipment. Our products, which are manufactured in facilities located in the USA and Europe, are targeted to selected niche markets where their unique designs and engineering excellence fill the needs of our customers and provide a competitive advantage. We have consistently added to our portfolio of branded products and equipment both through internal development and focused acquisitions to diversify and expand our sales and profit base while remaining committed to our niche market strategy. Our brands include Manitex, PM, MAC, PM-Tadano, Oil & Steel, Badger and Valla.
Altria Group, Inc. is a holding company. At December 31, 2012, Altria Group, Inc.'s direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries included Philip Morris USA Inc. (PM USA), which is engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes and certain smokeless products in the United States; John Middleton Co. (Middleton), which is engaged in the manufacture and sale of machine-made cigars and pipe tobacco, and is a wholly owned subsidiary of PM USA; and UST LLC (UST), which through its direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries, including U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company LLC (USSTC) and Ste. Michelle Wine Estates Ltd. (Ste. Michelle), is engaged in the manufacture and sale of smokeless products and wine. Philip Morris Capital Corporation (PMCC), another wholly owned subsidiary of Altria Group, Inc., maintains a portfolio of leveraged and direct finance leases. In addition, Altria Group, Inc. held approximately 26.9% of the economic and voting interest of SABMiller plc (SABMiller).
MobileIron is redefining enterprise security with the industry?€?s first mobile-centric security platform for the Everywhere Enterprise. In the Everywhere Enterprise, corporate data flows freely across devices and servers in the cloud, empowering workers to be productive anywhere they need to work. To secure access and protect data across this perimeter-less enterprise, MobileIron leverages a zero trust approach, which assumes bad actors are already in the network and secure access is determined by a ?€?never trust, always verify?€? model. MobileIron?€?s platform combines award-winning and industry-leading unified endpoint management (UEM) capabilities with passwordless multi-factor authentication (Zero Sign-On) and mobile threat defense (MTD) to validate the device, establish user context, verify the network, and detect and remediate threats to ensure that only authorised users, devices, apps, and services can access business resources in a ?€?work from everywhere?€? world. Over 20,000 organisations, including the world?€?s largest financial institutions, intelligence agencies, and other highly regulated companies, have chosen MobileIron to enable a seamless and secure user experience in the Everywhere Enterprise.
Modine Manufacturing Company (Modine) specializes in thermal management systems and components, bringing heating and cooling technology and solutions to global markets. The Company is a global developer, manufacturer and marketer of heat exchangers and systems for use in on-highway and off-highway original equipment manufacturer (OEM) vehicular applications, and to a range of building, industrial, refrigeration and fuel cell markets. Its product lines include radiators and radiator cores, vehicular air conditioning, oil coolers, charge air coolers, heat-transfer packages and modules, building heating, ventilating and air conditioning (HVAC) equipment and exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) coolers. On July 25, 2012, it acquired all of the assets of Geofinity Manufacturing of Surrey, British Columbia.
Model N is the leading provider of cloud revenue management solutions for Life Sciences and High Tech companies. Our software helps companies drive mission-critical business processes such as pricing, quoting, contracting, regulatory compliance, rebates and incentives. With deep industry expertise, Model N supports the complex business needs of the world?€?s leading brands in pharmaceutical, medical technology, semiconductor, and High Tech manufacturing across more than 120 countries, including Johnson & Johnson, AstraZeneca, Novartis, Microchip Technology and ON Semiconductor.
MidWestOne Financial Group, Inc. is a financial holding company headquartered in Iowa City, Iowa. MidWestOne is the parent company of MidWestOne Bank, which operates banking offices in Iowa, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Florida, and Colorado. MidWestOne provides electronic delivery of financial services through its website, MidWestOne.com. MidWestOne trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ?€?MOFG?€?.
Moog Inc. (Moog), is a designer, manufacturer and integrator of precision motion and fluid controls and systems for a range of applications in aerospace and defense and industrial markets. The Company operates in five segments: Aircraft Controls, Space and Defense Controls, Industrial Systems, Components and Medical Devices. Within the aerospace and defense market, its products and systems include military and commercial aircraft flight controls, thrust vector controls for space launch vehicles, controls for gun aiming, stabilization and automatic ammunition loading for armored combat vehicles, satellite positioning controls and controls for steering tactical and strategic missiles. In July 2013, Moog Inc completed the sale of its Buffalo, New York operations of Ethox Medical to Dempsey Ventures.
Moog Inc. (Moog), is a designer, manufacturer and integrator of precision motion and fluid controls and systems for a range of applications in aerospace and defense and industrial markets. The Company operates in five segments: Aircraft Controls, Space and Defense Controls, Industrial Systems, Components and Medical Devices. Within the aerospace and defense market, its products and systems include military and commercial aircraft flight controls, thrust vector controls for space launch vehicles, controls for gun aiming, stabilization and automatic ammunition loading for armored combat vehicles, satellite positioning controls and controls for steering tactical and strategic missiles. In July 2013, Moog Inc completed the sale of its Buffalo, New York operations of Ethox Medical to Dempsey Ventures.
Mogo Finance Technology Inc
MOGU Inc. is a leading KOL-driven online fashion and lifestyle destination in China. MOGU provides people with a more accessible and enjoyable shopping experience for everyday fashion, particularly as they increasingly live their lives online. By connecting merchants, KOLs and users together, MOGU?€?s platform serves as a valuable marketing channel for merchants, a powerful incubator for KOLs, and a vibrant and dynamic community for people to discover and share the latest fashion trends with others, where users can enjoy a truly comprehensive online shopping experience.
Molina Healthcare, Inc., a FORTUNE 500 company, provides managed health care services under the Medicaid and Medicare programs and through the state insurance marketplaces. Through its locally operated health plans, Molina Healthcare served approximately 4.0 million members as of September 30, 2020.
ECMOHO is a leading integrated solution provider in the non-medical health and wellness market in China. The Company acts as the bridge between brand owners and Chinese consumers by marketing and distributing health supplements and food, mother and child care products, personal care products, household healthcare equipment and other health and wellness products. Through over eight years of operation, ECMOHO has built an ecosystem where Chinese consumers are provided with customized health and wellness solutions that include quality products and trustworthy content.
We are a leading player in China's online social and entertainment space. Through Momo, Tantan and other properties within our product portfolio, we enable users to discover new relationships, expand their social connections and build meaningful interactions. Momo is a mobile application that connects people and facilitates interactions based on location, interests and a variety of recreational activities including live talent shows, short videos, social games as well as other video- and audio-based interactive experiences, such as live chats and mobile karaoke experience. Tantan, which was added into our family of applications through acquisition in May 2018, is a leading social and dating application for the younger generation. Tantan is designed to help its users find and establish romantic connections as well as meet interesting people.
MORGAN KEEGAN INC
Morphic Holding Inc
Morningstar,??Inc. is a leading provider of independent investment research in North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. The Company offers an extensive line of products and services for individual investors, financial advisors, asset managers, retirement plan providers and sponsors, and institutional investors in the debt and private capital markets. Morningstar provides data and research insights on a wide range of investment offerings, including managed investment products, publicly listed companies, private capital markets, debt securities, and real-time global market data. Morningstar also offers investment management services through its investment advisory subsidiaries, with approximately??$215 billion in assets under advisement and management as of Sept. 30, 2020. The Company has operations in??29 countries.
The Mosaic Company is one of the world's leading producers and marketers of concentrated phosphate and potash crop nutrients. Mosaic is a single source provider of phosphates and potash fertilizers and feed ingredients for the global agriculture industry.
MoSys, Inc. is focused on Accelerating Data Intelligence and provides both silicon chips and IP solutions that enable fast, intelligent data access and decision making for a wide range of markets including cloud networking, security, 5G networks, SmartNIC, test and measurement, and video systems. MoSys's QUAZAR family of high-speed memories and the BLAZAR family of Accelerator Engines are memory integrated circuits with unmatched intelligence, performance and capacity that eliminate data access bottlenecks to deliver speed and intelligence in systems, including those scaling from 100G to multi-terabits per second. MoSys's STELLAR family of Virtual Accelerator Engines includes software, FPGA RTL and RISC-based firmware that accelerate applications and are portable across a wide range of hardware configurations with or without MoSys silicon chips.
Motion Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
MOTO PHOTO INC
Motus GI Holdings Inc
Movado Group, Inc. designs, sources, and distributes MOVADO??, MVMT??, OLIVIA BURTON??, EBEL??, CONCORD??, COACH??, TOMMY HILFIGER??, HUGO BOSS??, LACOSTE??, and SCUDERIA FERRARI??watches worldwide, and operates Movado company stores in the United States and Canada. About ESW ESW is the cross-border e-commerce leader, empowering the world?€?s best-loved brands and retailers to make global shopping better, safer, simpler and faster, end-to-end. From compliance, data security, fraud protection, taxes, and tariffs to checkout, delivery, returns, customer service, and demand generation, our powerful combination of technology and human ingenuity covers the entire shopper journey across 200 markets.

DELISTED -
Fortress Value Acquisition Corp. Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share
Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. is a remanufacturer, manufacturer and distributor of automotive aftermarket parts -- including alternators, starters, wheel bearing and hub assemblies, brake calipers, brake master cylinders, brake power boosters, rotors, brake pads and turbochargers utilized in imported and domestic passenger vehicles, light trucks and heavy-duty applications. In addition, the company designs and manufactures test solutions for performance, endurance and production testing of electric motors, inverters, alternators, starters, and belt starter generators for the OE, aerospace, and aftermarket. Motorcar Parts of America?€?s products are sold to automotive retail outlets and the professional repair market throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico, with facilities located in California, New York, Canada, Mexico, Malaysia, China and India, and administrative offices located in California, Tennessee, Mexico, Singapore, Malaysia and Canada.
Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. , headquartered in Millersburg, Pa., has been serving the community since 1868. Mid Penn has 38 retail locations in the state of Pennsylvania and total assets of approximately $2 billion. Its footprint includes Berks, Bucks, Chester, Cumberland, Dauphin, Fayette, Lancaster, Luzerne, Montgomery, Northumberland, Schuylkill and Westmoreland counties. The bank offers a comprehensive portfolio of products and services to meet the banking needs of the communities it serves.
Marathon Petroleum Corporation (MPC) is a leading, integrated, downstream energy company headquartered in Findlay, Ohio. The company operates the nation's largest refining system. MPC's marketing system includes branded locations across the United States, including Marathon brand retail outlets. Speedway LLC, an MPC subsidiary, owns and operates retail convenience stores across the United States. MPC also owns the general partner and majority limited partner interest in MPLX LP, a midstream company that owns and operates gathering, processing, and fractionation assets, as well as crude oil and light product transportation and logistics infrastructure.

Churchill Capital Corp III Warrants each exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share
MPLX is a diversified, large-cap master limited partnership that owns and operates midstream energy infrastructure and logistics assets and provides fuels distribution services. MPLX's assets include a network of crude oil and refined product pipelines; an inland marine business; light-product terminals; storage caverns; refinery tanks, docks, loading racks, and associated piping; and crude and light-product marine terminals. The company also owns crude oil and natural gas gathering systems and pipelines as well as natural gas and NGL processing and fractionation facilities in key U.S. supply basins.
Medical Properties Trust, Inc. is a self-advised real estate investment trust formed in 2003 to acquire and develop net-leased hospital facilities. From its inception in Birmingham, Alabama, the Company has grown to become one of the world?€?s largest owners of hospitals with approximately 385 facilities and roughly 42,000 licensed beds in nine countries and across four continents on a pro forma basis. MPT?€?s financing model facilitates acquisitions and recapitalizations and allows operators of hospitals to unlock the value of their real estate assets to fund facility improvements, technology upgrades and other investments in operations.
Monolithic Power Systems, Inc.??(MPS) provides small, highly energy efficient, easy-to-use power solutions for systems found in industrial applications, telecom infrastructures, cloud computing, automotive, and consumer applications. MPS' mission is to??reduce total energy consumption in its customers' systems with green, practical, compact solutions. The company was founded by??Michael Hsing??in 1997 and is based in the United States. MPS can be contacted through its website at www.monolithicpower.com or its support offices around the world. Monolithic Power Systems, MPS, and the MPS logo are registered trademarks of Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. in the U.S. and trademarked in certain other countries. Contact: Bernie Blegen Chief Financial Officer Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. 408-826-0777 investors@monolithicpower.com Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited, in thousands, except par value) September 30, December 31, 2020 2019 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 179,466 $ 172,960 Short-term investments 372,076 282,437 Accounts receivable, net 93,535 52,704 Inventories 148,096 127,500 Other current assets 25,970 19,605 Total current assets 819,143 655,206 Property and equipment, net 270,310 228,315 Long-term investments 2,916 3,138 Goodwill 6,571 6,571 Deferred tax assets, net 13,486 17,193 Other long-term assets 48,868 45,952 Total assets $ 1,161,294 $ 956,375 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS?€? EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 48,142 $ 27,271 Accrued compensation and related benefits 48,362 26,164 Other accrued liabilities 61,774 44,790 Total current liabilities 158,278 98,225 Income tax liabilities 35,624 37,596 Other long-term liabilities 52,823 47,063 Total liabilities 246,725 182,884 Commitments and contingencies Stockholders?€? equity: Common stock and additional paid-in capital: $0.001 par value; shares authorized: 150,000; shares issued and outstanding: 45,096 and 43,616, respectively 632,432 549,517 Retained earnings 279,653 229,450 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 2,484 (5,476 ) Total stockholders?€? equity 914,569 773,491 Total liabilities and stockholders?€? equity $ 1,161,294 $ 956,375 Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited, in thousands, except per share amounts) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Revenue $ 259,422 $ 168,813 $ 611,409 $ 461,183 Cost of revenue 116,382 75,655 274,329 206,794 Gross profit 143,040 93,158 337,080 254,389 Operating expenses: Research and development 37,717 27,742 95,346 80,746 Selling, general and administrative 43,503 34,692 116,550 100,302 Litigation expense 1,841 692 6,264 1,473 Total operating expenses 83,061 63,126 218,160 182,521 Income from operations 59,979 30,032 118,920 71,868 Other income, net 2,494 2,257 5,980 7,827 Income before income taxes 62,473 32,289 124,900 79,695 Income tax expense 6,907 2,761 3,412 3,293 Net income $ 55,566 $ 29,528 $ 121,488 $ 76,402 Net income per share: Basic $ 1.24 $ 0.68 $ 2.72 $ 1.77 Diluted $ 1.18 $ 0.64 $ 2.59 $ 1.68 Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic 44,970 43,308 44,737 43,055 Diluted 46,955 45,833 46,819 45,516 SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE (Unaudited, in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Cost of revenue $ 707 $ 641 $ 1,906 $ 1,834 Research and development 5,334 4,960 14,666 14,801 Selling, general and administrative 16,934 15,699 46,009 43,384 Total stock-based compensation expense $ 22,975 $ 21,300 $ 62,581 $ 60,019 RECONCILIATION OF NET INCOME TO NON-GAAP NET INCOME (Unaudited, in thousands, except per share amounts) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net income $ 55,566 $ 29,528 $ 121,488 $ 76,402 Net income as a percentage of revenue 21.4 % 17.5 % 19.9 % 16.6 % Adjustments to reconcile net income to non-GAAP net income: Stock-based compensation expense 22,975 21,300 62,581 60,019 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets - 8 - 110 Deferred compensation plan expense (income) 347 (61 ) 901 (46 ) Tax effect 472 (1,254 ) (10,717 ) (7,190 ) Non-GAAP net income $ 79,360 $ 49,521 $ 174,253 $ 129,295 Non-GAAP net income as a percentage of revenue 30.6 % 29.3 % 28.5 % 28.0 % Non-GAAP net income per share: Basic $ 1.76 $ 1.14 $ 3.90 $ 3.00 Diluted $ 1.69 $ 1.08 $ 3.72 $ 2.84 Shares used in the calculation of non-GAAP net income per share: Basic 44,970 43,308 44,737 43,055 Diluted 46,955 45,833 46,819 45,516 RECONCILIATION OF GROSS MARGIN TO NON-GAAP GROSS MARGIN (Unaudited, in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Gross profit $ 143,040 $ 93,158 $ 337,080 $ 254,389 Gross margin 55.1 % 55.2 % 55.1 % 55.2 % Adjustments to reconcile gross profit to non-GAAP gross profit: Stock-based compensation expense 707 641 1,906 1,834 Deferred compensation plan expense 244 25 650 25 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets - 8 - 110 Non-GAAP gross profit $ 143,991 $ 93,832 $ 339,636 $ 256,358 Non-GAAP gross margin 55.5 % 55.6 % 55.5 % 55.6 % RECONCILIATION OF OPERATING EXPENSES TO NON-GAAP OPERATING EXPENSES (Unaudited, in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Total operating expenses $ 83,061 $ 63,126 $ 218,160 $ 182,521 Adjustments to reconcile total operating expenses to non-GAAP total operating expenses: Stock-based compensation expense (22,268 ) (20,659 ) (60,675 ) (58,185 ) Deferred compensation plan (expense) income (1,701 ) 13 (1,672 ) (2,558 ) Non-GAAP operating expenses $ 59,092 $ 42,480 $ 155,813 $ 121,778 RECONCILIATION OF OPERATING INCOME TO NON-GAAP OPERATING INCOME (Unaudited, in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Total operating income $ 59,979 $ 30,032 $ 118,920 $ 71,868 Adjustments to reconcile total operating income to non-GAAP total operating income: Stock-based compensation expense 22,975 21,300 62,581 60,019 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets - 8 - 110 Deferred compensation plan expense 1,946 12 2,322 2,584 Non-GAAP operating income $ 84,900 $ 51,352 $ 183,823 $ 134,581 RECONCI LIATION OF OTHER INCOME, NET, TO NON-GAAP OTHER INCOME, NET (Unaudited, in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Total other income, net $ 2,494 $ 2,257 $ 5,980 $ 7,827 Adjustments to reconcile other income, net to non-GAAP other income, net: Deferred compensation plan income (1,598 ) (74 ) (1,421 ) (2,630 ) Non-GAAP other income, net $ 896 $ 2,183 $ 4,559 $ 5,197 RECONCILIATION OF INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES TO NON-GAAP INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES (Unaudited, in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Total income before income taxes $ 62,473 $ 32,289 $ 124,900 $ 79,695 Adjustments to reconcile income before income taxes to non-GAAP income before income taxes: Stock-based compensation expense 22,975 21,300 62,581 60,019 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets - 8 - 110 Deferred compensation plan expense (income) 347 (61 ) 901 (46 ) Non-GAAP income before income taxes $ 85,795 $ 53,536 $ 188,382 $ 139,778 2020 FOURTH QUARTER OUTLOOK RECONCILIATION OF GROSS MARGIN TO NON-GAAP GROSS MARGIN (Unaudited) Three Months Ending December 31, 2020 Low High Gross margin 55.1 % 55.7 % Adjustments to reconcile gross margin to non-GAAP gross margin: Stock-based compensation expense 0.3 % 0.3 % Non-GAAP gross margin 55.4 % 56.0 % RECONCILIATION OF R&D AND SG&A EXPENSES TO NON-GAAP R&D AND SG&A EXPENSES (Unaudited, in thousands) Three Months Ending December 31, 2020 Low High R&D and SG&A expense $ 81,300 $ 85,300 Adjustments to reconcile R&D and SG&A expense to non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expense: Stock-based compensation expense (21,100 ) (23,100 ) Non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expense $ 60,200 $ 62,200
Marine Products Corporation (Marine Products) designs, manufactures and sells recreational fiberglass powerboats in the sportboat, deckboat, cruiser, sport yacht and sport fishing markets. The Company sells its products to a network of 135 domestic and 69 international independent authorized dealers. The Company focuses to remain a manufacturer of recreational powerboats for sale to a range of consumers globally. The Company manufactures Chaparral sterndrive and inboard-powered pleasure boats including H2O Sport and Fish & Ski boats, SSi and SSX Sportboats, Sunesta Sportdecks and Xtreme Tow boats, Signature Cruisers, Premiere Sport Yachts and Robalo outboard sport fishing boats. The Company offers a range of products to the family recreational, cruiser and sport yacht markets through its Chaparral brand, and to the sport fishing market through its Robalo brand.
Everspin Technologies, Inc. is the world?€?s leading provider of Magnetoresistive RAM (MRAM). Everspin MRAM delivers the industry?€?s most robust, highest performance non-volatile memory for Industrial IoT, Data Center, and other mission-critical applications where data persistence is paramount. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, Everspin provides commercially available MRAM solutions to a large and diverse customer base.
MERCANTILE BANKSHARES CORP
MRC Global is the largest distributor of pipe, valves and fittings (PVF) and other infrastructure products and services to the energy industry, based on sales. Through approximately 260 service locations worldwide, approximately 3,200 employees and with nearly 100 years of history, MRC Global provides innovative supply chain solutions and technical product expertise to customers globally across diversified end-markets including the upstream, midstream (including gas utilities) and downstream (including industrials). MRC Global manages a complex network of over 200,000 SKUs and 10,000 suppliers simplifying the supply chain for its over 14,000 customers. With a focus on technical products, value-added services, a global network of valve and engineering centers and an unmatched quality assurance program, MRC Global is the trusted PVF expert. Find out more at www.mrcglobal.com.
Monroe Capital Corporation is a business development company.The Company is an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company and is a specialty finance company focused on providing financing primarily to lower middle-market companies in United States and Canada. It provides customized financing solutions focused primarily on senior, unitranche and junior secured debt and, to a lesser extent, unsecured subordinated debt and equity, including equity co-investments in preferred and common stock and warrants. The Company invests in securities that are rated below investment grade by rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. The Company's investment activities are managed by its investment advisor, Monroe Capital BDC Advisors, LLC (MC Advisors).
Monroe Capital Corporation 5.75% Notes due 2023
Mercury Systems, Inc. (the ?€?Company?€? or ?€?Mercury?€?) is a leading technology company serving the aerospace and defense industry, positioned at the intersection of high-tech and defense. Headquartered in Andover, Massachusetts, the Company delivers solutions that power a broad range of aerospace and defense programs, optimized for mission success in some of the most challenging and demanding environments. The Company envisions, creates and delivers innovative technology solutions purpose-built to meet its customers?€? most-pressing high-tech needs, including those specific to the defense community.
Mereo BioPharma Group plc
Marin Software Incorporated's mission is to give advertisers the power to drive higher efficiency and transparency in their paid marketing programs that run on the world's largest publishers. Marin Software provides enterprise marketing software for advertisers and agencies to integrate, align, and amplify their digital advertising spend across the web and mobile devices. Marin Software offers??a unified SaaS??advertising management??platform for??search, social, and eCommerce??advertising. The Company helps digital marketers convert precise audiences, improve financial performance, and make better decisions. Headquartered in San Francisco??with offices worldwide,??Marin Software's technology powers marketing campaigns around the globe.
For more than 125 years, Merck, known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world?€?s most challenging diseases in pursuit of our mission to save and improve lives. We demonstrate our commitment to patients and population health by increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to prevent and treat diseases that threaten people and animals ?€? including cancer, infectious diseases such as HIV and Ebola, and emerging animal diseases ?€? as we aspire to be the premier research-intensive biopharmaceutical company in the world.
. Marker Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage immuno-oncology company specializing in the development of next-generation T cell-based immunotherapies for the treatment of hematological malignancies and solid tumor indications. Marker's cell therapy technology is based on the selective expansion of non-engineered, tumor-specific T cells that recognize tumor associated antigens (i.e. tumor targets) and kill tumor cells expressing those targets. This population of T cells is designed to attack multiple tumor targets following infusion into patients and to activate the patient's immune system to produce broad spectrum anti-tumor activity. Because Marker does not genetically engineer its T cell therapies, we believe that our product candidates will be easier and less expensive to manufacture, with reduced toxicities, compared to current engineered CAR-T and TCR-based approaches, and may provide patients with meaningful clinical benefit. As a result, Marker believes its portfolio of T cell therapies has a compelling product profile, as compared to current gene-modified CAR-T and TCR-based therapies.
Marlin is a nationwide provider of capital solutions to small businesses with a mission of helping small businesses fulfill their American dream. Our products and services are offered directly to small businesses and through financing programs with independent equipment dealers and other intermediaries. Marlin is publicly traded.
Moderna is advancing messenger RNA (mRNA) science to create a new class of transformative medicines for patients. mRNA medicines are designed to direct the body?€?s cells to produce intracellular, membrane or secreted proteins that can have a therapeutic or preventive benefit and have the potential to address a broad spectrum of diseases. Moderna?€?s platform builds on continuous advances in basic and applied mRNA science, delivery technology and manufacturing, providing the Company the capability to pursue in parallel a robust pipeline of new development candidates. Moderna is developing therapeutics and vaccines for infectious diseases, immuno-oncology, rare diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, independently and with strategic collaborators. Headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., Moderna currently has strategic alliances for development programs with AstraZeneca PLC and Merck & Co., Inc., as well as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), an agency of the U.S. Department of Defense; the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), a division of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI). Moderna has been named a top biopharmaceutical employer by Science for the past five years.
Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of innovative therapeutics to treat rare seizure disorders. Ganaxolone is a positive allosteric modulator of GABAA receptors that acts on a well-characterized target in the brain known to have anti-seizure, anti-depressant and anti-anxiety effects. Ganaxolone is being developed in IV and oral dose forms intended to maximize therapeutic reach to adult and pediatric patient populations in both acute and chronic care settings. Marinus recently completed the first ever Phase 3 pivotal trial in children with CDKL5 deficiency disorder and is conducting a Phase 2 trial in tuberous sclerosis complex, as well as a Phase 2 biomarker-driven proof-of-concept trial in PCDH19-related epilepsy. The company intends to initiate a Phase 3 trial in status epilepticus.
Marathon Oil Corporation (Marathon Oil) is an international energy company engaged in exploration and production, oil sands mining and integrated gas with operations in the United States, Angola, Canada, Equatorial Guinea.(E.G.), Ethiopia, Gabon, Kenya, the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, Libya, Norway, Poland and the United Kingdom. The Company operates in three business segments: Exploration and Production Segment, explores for, produces and markets liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas on a worldwide basis; Oil sands mining segment, mines, extracts and transports bitumen from oil sands deposits in Alberta, Canada, and upgrades the bitumen to produce and market synthetic crude oil and vacuum gas oil, and integrated gas, produces and markets products manufactured from natural gas, such as LNG and methanol, in E.G. During the year ended December 31, 2012 , the Company Company acquired approximately 25,000 net acres in the core of the Eagle Ford shale.

Marten Transport, Ltd. is a temperature-sensitive truckload carrier. The Company specializes in transporting and distributing food and other consumer packaged goods that require a temperature-controlled or insulated environment. It operates throughout the United States and in parts of Canada and Mexico. The Company operates in two segments: Truckload and Logistics. During the year ended December 31, 2011, approximately 81% of its truckload revenue resulted from hauling temperature-sensitive products and 19% from hauling dry freight. Its long-haul traffic lanes are between the Midwest and the West Coast, Southwest, Southeast, and the East Coast, as well as from California to the Pacific Northwest. It provides regional truckload carrier services in the Southeast, West Coast, Midwest, South Central and Northeast regions.
Mirati Therapeutics is a San Diego -based late-stage biotechnology company relentlessly focused on translating drug discovery and research into new treatments for patients by advancing and delivering novel therapeutics that target the genetic and immunologic drivers of cancer. Mirati is advancing a novel pipeline to treat large patient populations across multiple programs and tumor types, including two programs, adagrasib and sitravatinib, in registration-enabling studies to treat non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Adagrasib is an investigational small molecule and selective KRAS G12C inhibitor in clinical development as a monotherapy and in combinations. MRTX1133 is an investigational small molecule, potent??and selective KRAS G12D inhibitor in preclinical development. Sitravatinib is an investigational spectrum-selective inhibitor of receptor tyrosine kinases (RTK) designed to enhance immune responses through the inhibition of immunosuppressive signaling. Sitravatinib is being evaluated in multiple clinical trials to treat patients who are refractory to prior immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy, including a Phase 3 trial of sitravatinib in combination with nivolumab in NSCLC.
Merus is a clinical-stage oncology company developing innovative full-length human bispecific and trispecific antibody therapeutics, referred to as Multiclonics??. Multiclonics?? are manufactured using industry standard processes and have been observed in preclinical and clinical studies to have several of the same features of conventional human monoclonal antibodies, such as long half-life and low immunogenicity.
Maravai LifeSciences Holdings Inc - Class A
To deliver the data infrastructure technology that connects the world, we're building solutions on the most powerful foundation: our partnerships with our customers. Trusted by the world's leading technology companies for 25 years, we move, store, process and secure the world's data with semiconductor solutions designed for our customers' current needs and future ambitions. Through a process of deep collaboration and transparency, we're ultimately changing the way tomorrow's enterprise, cloud, automotive, and carrier architectures transform?€?for the better. Marvell and the M logo are trademarks of Marvell or its affiliates. Please visit www.marvell.com for a complete list of Marvell trademarks. Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others.
Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing investment banking, securities, wealth management, and investment management services. With offices in more than 41 countries, the firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments, institutions, and individuals.
Morgan Stanley Dep Shs repstg 1/1000 Pfd Ser A
Morgan Stanley DEPOSITARY SHARES SERIES E
Morgan Stanley Dep Shs Rpstg 1/1000th Int Prd Ser F Fxd to Flag
Morgan Stanley Depository Shares Series 1
Morgan Stanley Depositary Shares Series K
Mine Safety Appliances Company is engaged in the development, manufacture and supply of products that protect people's health and safety. The Company's line of safety products is used by workers worldwide in the fire service, homeland security, oil and gas, construction and other industries, as well as the military. Its product offering includes self-contained breathing apparatus (SCBAs), gas masks, gas detection instruments, head protection, respirators, thermal imaging cameras, fall protection and ballistic helmets. The Company also offers consumer and contractor safety products through retail channels. Its safety products integrate any combination of electronics, mechanical systems and advanced materials to protect users against hazardous or life threatening situations. Its Safety Works, LLC joint venture provides a range of safety products and gloves to the North American do-it-yourself and independent contractor market through various channels.
Mesabi Trust (the Trust) is a royalty trust. The Trust was organized to derive income from an iron mine (the Peter Mitchell Mine) located near Babbitt, Minnesota, at the eastern end of the Mesabi Iron Range. The Trust conserves and protects the Trust Estate and to collect and distribute the income and proceeds there from to the Trust's certificate holders after the payment of, or provision for, expenses and liabilities. The Agreement of Trust prohibits the Trust from engaging in any business other than the collection and distribution of royalties and payment of expenses. The lessee/operator of Mesabi Trust's mineral interests is Northshore Mining Corporation (NMC), a subsidiary of Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (Cliffs). Cliffs is a producer of iron ore products. Mesabi Trust holds all of the interests formerly owned by Mesabi Iron Company.
s Bancorp, Inc. Midland States Bancorp, Inc. is a community-based financial holding company headquartered in Effingham, Illinois, and is the sole shareholder of Midland States Bank. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had total assets of approximately $6.70 billion, and its Wealth Management Group had assets under administration of approximately $3.26 billion. Midland provides a full range of commercial and consumer banking products and services, business equipment financing, merchant credit card services, trust and investment management, insurance and financial planning services.
The Company, with its American depositary shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange, is a world-class integrated resort located in Cotai, Macau.
MSCI Inc. (MSCI) is a provider of investment decision support tools, including indices, portfolio risk and performance analytics and corporate governance products and services. The Company operates in two segments: the Performance and Risk business, and the Governance business. MSCI's products are its global equity indices and environmental, social and governance (ESG) products marketed under the MSCI and MSCI ESG brands, its portfolio risk and performance analytics covering global equity and fixed income markets marketed under the Barra brand, its market and credit risk analytics marketed under the RiskMetrics and Barra brands, its valuation models and risk management software for the energy and commodities markets marketed under the FEA brand, its private real estate benchmarks under the IPD brand and its forensic accounting risk research, legal and regulatory risk assessment and due diligence products marketed under the CFRA brand.
Established in 1897, Middlesex Water Company serves as a trusted provider offering life-sustaining high quality water service for residential, commercial, industrial and fire protection purposes. The Company offers a full range of water, wastewater utility and related services. An investor-owned public utility, Middlesex Water is a professional services provider specializing in municipal and industrial contract operations and water and wastewater system technical operations and maintenance. The company and its subsidiaries form the Middlesex Water family of companies, which collectively serve a population of nearly half a million people in New Jersey and Delaware. Named a 2020 Top Workplace in New Jersey, Middlesex is focused on meeting the needs of its employees, customers, and shareholders. The Company invests in its people, infrastructure and the communities it serves to support reliable and resilient utility services, economic growth and quality of life.
Microsoft (Nasdaq ?€?MSFT?€? @microsoft) enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge. Its mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more.
Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. Class A When Issued
MSG Networks Inc., a pioneer in sports media, owns and operates two award-winning regional sports and entertainment networks and a companion streaming service that serve the nation?€?s number one media market, the New York DMA, as well as other portions of New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Pennsylvania. The networks feature a wide range of compelling sports content, including exclusive live local games and other programming of the New York Knicks, New York Rangers, New York Islanders, New Jersey Devils and Buffalo Sabres, as well as significant coverage of the New York Giants and Buffalo Bills. This content, in addition to a diverse array of other sporting events and critically acclaimed original programming, has established MSG Networks as the gold standard in regional sports. Non-GAAP Financial Measures We define adjusted operating income, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, as operating income before 1) depreciation, amortization and impairments of property and equipment and intangible assets, 2) share-based compensation expense or benefit, 3) restructuring charges or credits and 4) gains or losses on sales or dispositions of businesses. Because it is based upon operating income, adjusted operating income also excludes interest expense (including cash interest expense) and other non-operating income and expense items. We believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation expense or benefit allows investors to better track the performance of the Company without regard to the settlement of an obligation that is not expected to be made in cash. We believe adjusted operating income is an appropriate measure for evaluating the operating performance of our Company. Adjusted operating income and similar measures with similar titles are common performance measures used by investors and analysts to analyze our performance. Internally, we use revenues and adjusted operating income measures as the most important indicators of our business performance, and evaluate management?€?s effectiveness with specific reference to these indicators. Adjusted operating income should be viewed as a supplement to and not a substitute for operating income, net income, cash flows from operating activities, and other measures of performance and/or liquidity presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (?€?GAAP?€?). Since adjusted operating income is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP, this measure may not be comparable to similar measures with similar titles used by other companies. For a reconciliation of operating income to adjusted operating income, please see page 6 of this release. The Company defines Free Cash Flow (?€?Free Cash Flow?€?), which is a non-GAAP financial measure, as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures, both of which are reported in our Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The Company believes the most comparable GAAP financial measure is net cash provided by operating activities. The Company believes that Free Cash Flow is useful as an indicator of its overall ability to generate liquidity, as the amount of Free Cash Flow generated in any period is representative of cash that is generated for debt repayment, investment, and other discretionary and non-discretionary cash uses. The Company also believes that Free Cash Flow is one of several benchmarks used by analysts and investors for comparison of the Company?€?s generation of liquidity with other companies in the industry, although the Company?€?s measure of Free Cash Flow may not be directly comparable to similar measures reported by other companies. For a reconciliation of Free Cash Flow to net cash provided by operating activities, please see page 8 of this release.
Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. (MSG Sports) is a leading professional sports company, with a collection of assets that includes: the New York Knicks (NBA) and the New York Rangers (NHL); two development league teams ?€? the Westchester Knicks (NBAGL) and the Hartford Wolf Pack (AHL); and esports teams through Counter Logic Gaming, a leading North American esports organization, and Knicks Gaming, an NBA 2K League franchise. MSG Sports also operates two professional sports team performance centers ?€? the MSG Training Center in Greenburgh, NY and the CLG Performance Center in Los Angeles, CA.
Motorola Solutions is a global leader in mission-critical communications and analytics. Our technology platforms in mission-critical communications, command center software and video security & analytics, bolstered by managed & support services, make cities safer and help businesses stay productive and secure. At Motorola Solutions, we are ushering in a new era in public safety and security.
MSC Industrial Supply Co. is a leading North American distributor of metalworking and maintenance, repair, and operations (MRO) products and services. We help our customers drive greater productivity, profitability and growth with approximately 1.9 million products, inventory management and other supply chain solutions, and deep expertise from over 75 years of working with customers across industries. Our experienced team of over 6,300 associates is dedicated to working side by side with our customers to help drive results for their businesses - from keeping operations running efficiently today to continuously rethinking, retooling, and optimizing for a more productive tomorrow.
Emerson Radio Corp. designs, sources, imports and markets a variety of houseware and consumer electronic products, and licenses others on a worldwide basis for a variety of products. The Company, directly and through several subsidiaries, designs, sources, imports, markets, sells and licenses to certain licensees a variety of houseware and consumer electronic products, both domestically and internationally, under the Emerson and HH Scott brand names. The Company's products include microwave ovens, compact refrigerators and wine coolers; clock radios and portable audio products, and video and other products primarily televisions. Its business consists of selling, distributing, and licensing various low and moderately priced houseware and consumer electronic products in various categories.
Misonix, Inc.?? is a provider of minimally invasive therapeutic ultrasonic medical devices and regenerative tissue products. Its surgical team markets and sells BoneScalpel and SonaStar, which facilitate precise bone sculpting and removal of soft and hard tumors and tissue, primarily in the areas of neurosurgery, orthopedic, plastic and maxillo-facial surgery. The Company's wound team markets and sells TheraSkin, Therion, TheraGenesis and SonicOne to debride, treat and heal chronic and traumatic wounds in inpatient, outpatient and physician office sites of service. At??Misonix, Better Matters! That is why throughout the Company?€?s history,??Misonix??has maintained its commitment to medical technology innovation and the development of products that radically improve outcomes for patients.
Datto Holding Corp
MicroStrategy is the largest independent publicly-traded business intelligence company, with the leading enterprise analytics platform. Our vision is to enable Intelligence Everywhere ???. MicroStrategy provides modern analytics on an open, comprehensive enterprise platform used by many of the world?€?s most admired brands in the Fortune Global 500. Optimized for cloud and on-premises deployments, the platform features HyperIntelligence ??, a breakthrough technology that overlays actionable enterprise data on popular business applications to help users make smarter, faster decisions.
Mid-Southern Savings Bank, FSB is a federally chartered savings bank headquartered in Salem, Indiana, approximately 40 miles northwest of Louisville, Kentucky. The Bank conducts business from its main office in Salem and through its branch offices located in Mitchell and Orleans, Indiana and a loan production office located in New Albany, Indiana.
ArcelorMittal, together with its subsidiaries, operates as an integrated steel and mining company worldwide. The company operates through five segments: NAFTA; Europe; Brazil and Neighboring Countries (Brazil); Africa & Commonwealth of Independent States (ACIS); and Mining. It produces finished and semi-finished steel products. The company??s products include flat products, such as slabs, plates, hot-and cold-rolled coils and sheets, hot-dipped and electro-galvanized coils and sheets, and tinplate and color coated coils and sheets; and seamless and welded pipes and tubes. It also offers long products, including blooms and billets, bars, wire-rods, structural sections, rails, sheet piles, and wire-products. The company provides its steel products to the automotive, appliance, engineering, construction, energy, and machinery industries. ArcelorMittal sells its products in local markets and through a centralized marketing organization in approximately 170 countries. In addition, the company produces mining products, including iron ore lumps, fines, concentrates, and sinter feeds, as well as coking, pulverized coal injection, and thermal coal. The company has iron ore mining activities in Algeria, Brazil, Bosnia, Canada, Kazakhstan, Liberia, Mexico, Ukraine, and the United States, as well as has mining developments in Canada and India; and coal mining activities in Kazakhstan and the United States. ArcelorMittal was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in Luxembourg.
Metalla Royalty & Streaming Ltd
M&T is a financial holding company headquartered in Buffalo, New York. M&T's principal banking subsidiary, M&T Bank, operates banking offices in New York, Maryland, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Connecticut, Virginia, West Virginia and the District of Columbia. Trust-related services are provided by M&T's Wilmington Trust-affiliated companies and by M&T Bank.
Medical Transcription Billing, Corp., a healthcare information technology company, provides an integrated suite of Web-based solutions and related business services to healthcare providers primarily in the United States. It primarily offers PracticePro, a Web-based software-as-a-service platform, which includes practice management solutions and related tools, which facilitate the day-to-day operation of a medical practice; electronic health record (EHR) solutions that enables customers to reduce paperwork and qualify for government incentives; revenue cycle management services, such as end-to-end medical billing, analytics, and related services; and mobile health solutions, including smartphone applications that assist patients and healthcare providers in the provision of healthcare services. The company also provides MTBC Site Builder, a Web-based tool that allows medical practices to design, optimize, and promote their own Websites; ChartsPro, a Web-based EHR solution; and transcription, coding, indexing, and other ancillary services. It serves physicians, nurses, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, and other clinical staff that render bills for their services. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Somerset, New Jersey.

MMTec Inc
Match Group, through its portfolio companies, is a leading provider of dating products available globally. Our portfolio of brands includes Tinder ??, Match ??, Meetic ??, OkCupid ??, Hinge ??, Pairs???, PlentyOfFish ??, and OurTime ??, as well as a number of other brands, each designed to increase our users' likelihood of finding a meaningful connection. Through our portfolio companies and their trusted brands, we provide tailored products to meet the varying preferences of our users. Our products are available in over 40 languages to our users all over the world. SOURCE Match Group
DELISTED - Arcelormittal
Metacrine Inc
Mettler-Toledo International Inc. supplies precision instruments and services worldwide. The company operates in five segments: U.S. Operations, Swiss Operations, Western European Operations, Chinese Operations, and Other. It offers weighing instruments for use in laboratory, industrial, packaging, logistics, and food retailing applications; analytical instruments for use in life science; reaction engineering and real-time analytic systems used in drug and chemical compound development; automated chemistry solutions used in drug and chemical compound discovery and development; and metal detection and other end-of-line inspection systems used in production and packaging for food, pharmaceutical, and other industries. Its laboratory instruments include laboratory balances, liquid pipetting solutions, titrators, thermal analysis and analyzers systems; and other analytical instruments comprising pH meters, density and refractometry instruments, and moisture analyzers, as well as laboratory software, automated chemistry solutions, and process analytic instruments. The company??s industrial solutions comprise industrial weighing instruments and terminals, automatic identification and data capture solutions, vehicle scale systems, industrial software, and product inspection systems. Its retail solutions consist of multiple weighing and food labeling solutions, such as stand-alone scales, and networked scales and software for handling fresh goods, such as meats, vegetables, fruits, and cheeses. The company serves the life science industry covering pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and independent research organizations; food and beverage producers; food retailers; chemical, specialty chemical, and cosmetics companies; transportation and logistics, metals, and electronics industries; and the academic community. It markets its products through its direct sales force and indirect distribution channels. The company was founded in 1991 and is based in Columbus, Ohio.
Matador is an independent energy company engaged in the exploration, development, production and acquisition of oil and natural gas resources in the United States, with an emphasis on oil and natural gas shale and other unconventional plays. Its current operations are focused primarily on the oil and liquids-rich portion of the Wolfcamp and Bone Spring plays in the Delaware Basin in Southeast New Mexico and West Texas. Matador also operates in the Eagle Ford shale play in South Texas and the Haynesville shale and Cotton Valley plays in Northwest Louisiana. Additionally, Matador conducts midstream operations, primarily through its midstream joint venture, San Mateo, in support of its exploration, development and production operations and provides natural gas processing, oil transportation services, natural gas, oil and salt water gathering services and salt water disposal services to third parties.
Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of drugs targeting the microenvironment of solid tumors and the bone marrows of some hematologic malignancies (blood cancers) as treatments for patients living with cancer. The Company's hypoxia activated prodrug product candidates, including TH-302, are designed to specifically target the hypoxic microenvironment of tumors by selective activation of the prodrug to release a potent cytotoxin. The Company's focus is on product candidates for the treatment of patients with cancer. The Company's clinical development efforts are focused on TH-302, for which the Company entered a license and co-development agreement with Merck KGaA, on February 2, 2012, for worldwide development and commercialization. As of December 31, 2011, TH-302 is in Phase I, Phase II and Phase III clinical trials. The Company reported updated results from the Phase I monotherapy trial of TH-302.

Mannatech, Incorporated is committed to transforming lives through the development of high-quality integrated health, weight management, fitness and skin care products distributed through its global network of independent associates and members. The company has been operating for more than 25 years with operations in 25 markets.
MGIC Investment Corporation (MGIC) is a holding company and through wholly owned subsidiaries is a private mortgage insurer in the United States. As of December 31, 2012, its principal mortgage insurance subsidiaries, Mortgage Guaranty Insurance Corporation (MGIC) and MGIC Indemnity Corporation (MIC), were each licensed in all 50 states of the United States, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. During the year ending December 31, 2012, the Company wrote new insurance in each of those jurisdictions in MGIC and/or MIC. The Company capitalized MIC to write new insurance in certain jurisdictions where MGIC no longer meets, and is unable to obtain a waiver of, those jurisdictions' minimum capital requirements. Private mortgage insurance covers losses from homeowner defaults on residential mortgage loans, reducing and, in some instances, eliminating the loss to the insured institution if the homeowner defaults.
WisdomTree Trust WisdomTree Mortgage Plus Bond Fund
Meritage Homes is the seventh-largest public homebuilder in the United States, based on homes closed in 2019. Meritage offers a variety of homes that are designed with a focus on first-time and first move-up buyers in Arizona, California, Colorado, Texas, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee. The Company has designed and built over 135,000 homes in its 35-year history, and has a reputation for its distinctive style, quality construction, and award-winning customer experience. Meritage is the industry leader in energy-efficient homebuilding and a seven-year recipient of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency?€?s ENERGY STAR?? Partner of the Year for Sustained Excellence Award since 2013 for innovation and industry leadership in energy efficient homebuilding.
Mechel OAO is a Russia-based integrated mining and steel company. The Company focuses on the production of mining products, such as coal, iron ore, nickel, and steel products. Its operations are divided into two segments: Mining and Steel. The Mining segment focuses on the production and sales of coking coal concentrate, iron ore concentrate and coke with assets in the Russian Federation and the United States. The Steel segment comprises production and sale of semi-finished steel products, carbon and specialty long products, stainless flat products, and value-added downstream metal products, including hardware and stampings. The Company has production facilities, located domestically in numerous regions, as well as in the United States, Kazakhstan, Lithuania, Ukraine, the United Kingdom and Bulgaria. In July 2013, it closed the deal on disposal of 100% of the shares of Toplofikatsia Rousse EAD. In July 2013, the Company sold a 100% stake in Invicta Merchant Bar.
Mechel PAO American Depositary Shares (each representing one-half of a Preferred Share)
Materialise NV provides additive manufacturing software and 3D printing services in Europe, the Americas, and Asia. The company??s 3D Printing Software segment offers Magics that imports computer-aided design formats and exports standard tessellation language files; Streamics, a central additive manufacturing logistics and control system; 3-maticSTL, a versatile application; MiniMagics and MiniMagicsPro, which provides solutions for customers working in data preparation, or in quoting and quality control teams; build processors and machine control software; and e-Stage that enhances additive manufacturing productivity. This segment serves 3D printing machine original equipment manufacturers; manufacturers in automotive, aerospace, consumer goods, and hearing aid industries; and 3D printing service bureaus through its sales force, Website, and third-party distributors. The company??s Medical segment provides Mimics software for medical image processing; 3-matic that enables to conduct 3D measurements and analyses, design a patient-specific implant or surgical guide, or prepare anatomical data and/or implants for simulations; Mimics Innovation Suite that enables biomedical professionals to perform a multitude of engineering operations; and OrthoView, a 2D digital pre-operative planning and templating solution. It also offers clinical services; and has collaboration agreements with Biomet, Inc., Encore Medical, L.P., DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson, and Zimmer Holdings, Inc. for the development and distribution of surgical planning software, services, and products. This segment serves medical device companies, hospitals, universities, and industrial companies through its direct sales force, Website, and picture archiving and communication system partners. The company??s Industrial Production segment primarily offers 3D printing services to industrial and commercial customers. Materialise NV was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Leuven, Belgium.
MTN ) Vail Resorts, Inc., through its subsidiaries, is the leading global mountain resort operator. Vail Resorts' subsidiaries operate 37 world-class mountain resorts and regional ski areas, including Vail, Beaver Creek, Breckenridge, Keystone and Crested Butte in Colorado ; Park City in Utah ; Heavenly, Northstar and Kirkwood in the Lake Tahoe area of California and Nevada ; Whistler Blackcomb in British Columbia, Canada ; Perisher, Falls Creek and Hotham in Australia ; Stowe, Mount Snow, Okemo in Vermont ; Hunter Mountain in New York ; Mount Sunapee, Attitash, Wildcat and Crotched in New Hampshire ; Stevens Pass in Washington ; Liberty, Roundtop, Whitetail, Jack Frost and Big Boulder in Pennsylvania ; Alpine Valley, Boston Mills, Brandywine and Mad River in Ohio ; Hidden Valley and Snow Creek in Missouri ; Wilmot in Wisconsin ; Afton Alps in Minnesota ; Mt. Brighton in Michigan ; and Paoli Peaks in Indiana. Vail Resorts owns and/or manages a collection of casually elegant hotels under the RockResorts brand, as well as the Grand Teton Lodge Company in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Vail Resorts Development Company is the real estate planning and development subsidiary of Vail Resorts, Inc. Vail Resorts is a publicly held company traded on the New York Stock Exchange. The Vail Resorts company website is www.vailresorts.com and consumer website is www.snow.com. SOURCE Vail Resorts, Inc. Related Links http://www.vailresorts.com

Meritor, Inc. is a leading global supplier of drivetrain, mobility, braking and aftermarket solutions for commercial vehicle and industrial markets. With more than a 110-year legacy of providing innovative products that offer superior performance, efficiency and reliability, the company serves commercial truck, trailer, off-highway, defense, specialty and aftermarket customers around the world. Meritor is based in Troy, Mich., United States, and is made up of more than 7,000 diverse employees who apply their knowledge and skills in manufacturing facilities, engineering centers, joint ventures, distribution centers and global offices in 19 countries. Meritor common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol MTOR.
Historical stock prices for MLP & Strategic Equity Fund Inc. (MTP). MLP & Strategic Equity Fund Inc. (the Fund) is a closed-end management investment company. The Fund's investment objective is to provide a high level of after-tax total return. The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing substantially all of its net assets in publicly traded master limited partnerships (MLPs) operating in the energy infrastructure sector of the market. The Fund may purchase both domestic and international MLPs. The Fund's investment in MLPs may include ownership of MLP common units and MLP subordinated units. The Company invests in industries include oil and gas storage, oil gas explore, coal-consumfuel, gas utilities and oil gas refine. The Fund also may purchase MLP I-Shares (together with the MLPs, the MLP Entities). Nuveen Fund Advisors, Inc. is the Fund's advisor. On August 27, 2012, the Company merged with Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund.
Mesa Royalty Trust (the Trust) was created when Mesa Petroleum Co. conveyed to the Trust an overriding royalty interest (the Royalty) equal to 90% of the net proceeds in certain oil and gas properties located in the Hugoton field of Kansas, the San Juan Basin field of New Mexico and Colorado, and the Yellow Creek field of Wyoming. The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. is the Trustee of the Trust. The principal property interest conveyed to the Trust accounts for approximately 40% of the Trust's reserves and was carved out of Pioneer's (PNR) working interest in 104,437 net producing acres in the Hugoton field. The Trust owns an interest in 26,700 gross acres and 25,400 net acres with Fruitland Coal potential. As of December 31, 2011, of the wells drilled on Trust properties, 49 (34.8 net) were producing at a combined rate of 35 (16.1 net) million cubic feet of natural gas (MMcf) per day. During the year ended December 31, 2011, it had no development wells drilled.
: Materion Corporation is headquartered in Mayfield Heights, Ohio. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, supplies highly engineered advanced materials to global markets. Our unique product portfolio includes high performance alloys, beryllium products, clad metal strip, composite metals, ceramics, inorganic chemicals, microelectronics packaging materials, precision optics, thin film coatings and thin film deposition materials.
Founded in 1984, Matrix Service Company is parent to a family of companies that includes Matrix PDM Engineering, Matrix Service Inc., Matrix NAC, and Matrix Applied Technologies. Our companies design, build and maintain infrastructure critical to North America's energy and industrial markets. Matrix Service Company is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma with offices located throughout the United States and Canada, as well as Sydney, Australia and Seoul, South Korea. The Company reports its financial results based on three reportable segments: Utility and Power Infrastructure, Process and Industrial Facilities, and Storage and Terminal Solutions.
MTS Systems Corporation's??testing and simulation hardware, software and service solutions help customers accelerate and improve their design, development and manufacturing processes and are used for determining the mechanical behavior of materials, products and structures. MTS' high-performance sensors provide measurements of vibration, pressure, position, force and sound in a variety of applications. MTS had 3,500 employees as of September 28, 2019 and revenue of $893 million for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2019.
M/A-COM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. (M/A-COM) is a provider of high-performance analog semiconductor solutions for use in wireless and wireline applications across the radio frequency (RF), microwave and millimeterwave spectrum. The Company offers over 2,700 standard and custom devices, which includes integrated circuits (IC) s, multi-chip modules, power pallets and transistors, diodes and switches, across 38 product lines serving over 6,000 end customers in three primary markets. Its semiconductor products are electronic components that its customers incorporate into their larger electronic systems, such as point-to-point wireless backhaul radios, radar, automobile navigation systems, digital cable television (CATV) set-top boxes, magnetic resonance imaging systems and unmanned aerial vehicles.
Mer Telemanagement Solutions Ltd. is a worldwide provider of solutions for telecommunications expense management (TEM) and billing solutions. The Company's TEM solutions assist enterprises and organizations to make smarter choices with their telecommunications spending at each stage of the service lifecycle, including allocation of cost, proactive budget control, fraud detection, processing of payments and spending forecasting. The Company's converged billing solutions have been implemented worldwide by wireless providers, Voice over Internet Protocol (VOIP), Internet Protocol Television, MVNO and content service providers. The Company's converged billing solutions include applications for charging and invoicing customers, interconnect billing and partner revenue management using pre-pay and post-pay schemes. In March 2011, The Company completed the sale of its ownership interest in Silverbyte Networks Ltd.
The Manitowoc Company, Inc. (MTW) is a multi-industry, capital goods manufacturer. MTW operates in two markets: Cranes and Related Products (Crane) and Foodservice Equipment (Foodservice). Crane is a provider of engineered lifting equipment for the global construction industry, including lattice-boom cranes, tower cranes, mobile telescopic cranes, and boom trucks. Foodservice is a manufacturer of commercial foodservice equipment serving the ice, beverage, refrigeration, food-preparation, and cooking needs of restaurants, convenience stores, hotels, healthcare, and institutional applications. Its Crane products are marketed under the Manitowoc, Grove, Potain, National, Shuttlelift, Dongyue, and Crane Care brand names. Its Foodservice products are marketed under the Manitowoc, Garland, U.S. Range, Convotherm, Cleveland, Lincoln, Merrychef, Frymaster, Delfield, Kolpak, Kysor Panel, Jackson, Servend, Multiplex, and Manitowoc Beverage System brand names.
New York-based Minerals Technologies is a global resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets a broad range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and related systems and services. Minerals Technologies serves the paper, foundry, steel, construction, environmental, energy, polymer and consumer products industries. The Company reported sales of $1.8 billion in 2019.
MasTec North America, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of MasTec, Inc., is a leading infrastructure construction company operating mainly throughout North America across a range of industries. The Company's primary activities include the engineering, building, installation, maintenance and upgrade of communications, energy and utility and other infrastructure, such as: wireless, wireline/fiber, satellite communications and customer fulfilment activities; petroleum and natural gas pipeline infrastructure; electrical utility transmission and distribution; power generation; and industrial infrastructure. MasTec's customers are primarily in these industries. The Company's corporate website is located at www.mastec.com.
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands ?€? Micron ?? and Crucial ?? ?€? our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint??? memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol.
The U.S. operations of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. (MUFG), one of the world's leading financial groups, has total assets of $379 billion at June 30, 2020. As part of that total, MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation (MUAH), a financial holding company, bank holding company, and intermediate holding company, has total assets of $167.4 billion at June 30, 2020. MUAH's main subsidiaries are MUFG Union Bank, N.A. and MUFG Securities Americas Inc. MUFG Union Bank, N.A. provides a wide range of financial services to consumers, small businesses, middle-market companies, and major corporations. As of June 30, 2020, MUFG Union Bank, N.A. operated 348 branches, consisting primarily of retail banking branches in the West Coast states, along with commercial branches in Texas, Illinois, New York, and Georgia. MUFG Securities Americas Inc. is a registered securities broker-dealer which engages in capital markets origination transactions, domestic and foreign debt and equities securities transactions, private placements, collateralized financings, and securities borrowing and lending transactions. MUAH is owned by MUFG Bank, Ltd. and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. MUFG Bank, Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc., has offices in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Mexico, and Canada.
Murphy Oil Corporation is a worldwide oil and gas exploration and production company with retail and wholesale gasoline marketing operations in the United States and refining and marketing operations in the United Kingdom. In August 2013, the Company announced that it has completed the spin-off of its United States retail marketing business into an independent public company called Murphy USA Inc.
Murphy USA Inc. is a leading retailer of gasoline and convenience merchandise with nearly 1,500 stores located primarily in the Southwest, Southeast and Midwest United States. The company and its team of nearly 10,000 employees serve an estimated 1.7 million customers each day through its network of retail gasoline stations in 25 states. The majority of Murphy USA's sites are located in close proximity to Walmart stores.
McEwen Mining Inc. explores for, develops, produces, and sells precious and base metals in Argentina, Mexico, and the United States. It primarily explores for gold, silver, and copper. The company??s principal assets consist of a 49% interest in the San Jos?? Mine in Santa Cruz, Argentina; the El Gallo 1 mine and El Gallo 2 project in Sinaloa, Mexico; the Gold Bar project in Nevada, the United States; and the Los Azules copper project in San Juan, Argentina. As of December 31, 2014, it had an aggregate land position consisting primarily of mining claims, leases of mining claims, or concessions, which covered an area of approximately 814 square miles in Argentina; 697 square miles in Mexico; and 241 square miles in Nevada. The company was formerly known as US Gold Corporation and changed its name to McEwen Mining Inc. in January 2012. McEwen Mining Inc. was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.
MVB Financial Corp. (?€?MVB Financial?€? or ?€?MVB?€?), the holding company of MVB Bank, is publicly traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market?? under the ticker ?€?MVBF.?€? Nasdaq is a leading global provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, listing, information and public company services. Through its subsidiary, MVB Bank, Inc., and the Bank?€?s subsidiaries, MVB Mortgage, MVB Community Development Corporation, MVB Technology, Chartwell Compliance and Paladin Fraud, the company provides financial services to individuals and corporate clients in the Mid-Atlantic region and beyond.
MVC Capital (MVC) is a business development company traded on the New York Stock Exchange that provides long-term debt and equity investment capital to fund growth, acquisitions and recapitalizations of companies in a variety of industries.
MVC Capital Inc. 6.25% Senior Notes due 2022
MicroVision, Inc. engages in the development of PicoP display technology that can be used by its customers to create miniature laser display and imaging engines in the United States. Its PicoP display technology includes a single-mirror micro-electrical mechanical systems scanner, laser diode light sources, electronics, and optics to create a video or still image from a small form factor device. The company offers its PicoP display technology directly or through licensing arrangements to original device manufacturers and original equipment manufacturers in various market segments, including consumer electronics and automotive, for integration into their products. MicroVision, Inc. was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Redmond, Washington.
MV Oil Trust acquires and holds net profits interests in the oil and natural gas properties of MV Partners, LLC. Its properties comprise approximately 1,000 producing oil and gas wells, located in the Mid-Continent region in the states of Kansas and Colorado. The company was founded in 2006 and is based in Austin, Texas.
ETRACS Monthly Pay 1.5X Leveraged Mortgage REIT ETN
Mueller Water Products, Inc. is a leading manufacturer and marketer of products and services used in the transmission, distribution and measurement of water in North America. Our broad product and service portfolio includes engineered valves, fire hydrants, pipe connection and repair products, metering products, leak detection, and pipe condition assessment. We help municipalities increase operational efficiencies, improve customer service and prioritize capital spending, demonstrating why Mueller Water Products is Where Intelligence Meets Infrastructure ??.
Mohawk Group Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (?€?Mohawk?€?), is a rapidly growing technology-enabled consumer products company that uses machine learning, natural language processing, and data analytics to design, develop, market and sell products. Mohawk predominantly operates through online retail channels such as Amazon, and Walmart. Mohawk has six owned and operated brands: hOme, Vremi, Xtava, Truweo, Aussie Health and RIF6. Mohawk sells products in multiple categories, including home and kitchen appliances, kitchenware, environmental appliances (i.e., dehumidifiers and air conditioners), beauty-related products and, to a lesser extent, consumer electronics. Mohawk was founded on the premise that if a company selling consumer packaged goods was founded today, it would apply artificial intelligence and machine learning, the synthesis of massive quantities of data and the use of social proof to validate high caliber product offerings as opposed to over-reliance on brand value and other traditional marketing tactics.
DELISTED - MagnaChip Semiconductor Corporation (MagnaChip Semiconductor) is a designer and manufacturer of analog and mixed-signal semiconductor products for consumer applications. The Company operates its business in three segments: Display Solutions, Power Solutions and Semiconductor Manufacturing Services. Its Display Solutions products include display drivers that cover a range of flat panel displays and mobile multimedia devices. Its Power Solutions products include discrete and integrated circuit solutions for power management in high-volume consumer applications. Its Semiconductor Manufacturing Services segment provides specialty analog and mixed-signal foundry services for fabless semiconductor companies that serve the consumer, computing and wireless end markets. In March 2012, the Company's subsidiary acquired Dawin Electronics Co. Ltd.
Mexco Energy Corporation (Mexco) is an independent oil and gas company engaged in the exploration, development and production of natural gas and crude oil properties located in the United States. The Company owns oil and gas properties in other states, the majority of its activities are centered in West Texas. The Company acquires interests in producing and non-producing oils and gas leases from landowners and leaseholders in areas considered favorable for oil and gas exploration, development and production. On December 31, 2012, it acquired ownership interests of TBO Oil & Gas, LLC, which owns non-operated working interests producing primarily oil. During fiscal year ended March 31, 2013(fiscal 2013), the Company added proved reserves of 348,000 thousand cubic feet equivalent through extensions and discoveries, added 359, thousand cubic feet equivalent through acquisitions and had downward revisions of previous estimates of 649,000 thousand cubic feet equivalent.
Maxim Integrated, an engineer's engineering company, exists to solve the designer's toughest problems in order to empower design innovation. Our broad portfolio of high-performance semiconductors, combined with world-class tools and support, delivers essential analog solutions including efficient power, precision measurement, reliable connectivity and robust protection along with intelligent processing. Designers in application areas such as automotive, communications, consumer, data center, healthcare, industrial and IoT trust Maxim to help them quickly develop??smaller, smarter and more secure designs.
MaxLinear, Inc. is a leading provider of radio frequency (RF), analog, digital and mixed-signal integrated circuits for access and connectivity, wired and wireless infrastructure, and industrial and multimarket applications. MaxLinear is headquartered in Carlsbad, California.
Myers Industries, Inc. is an international manufacturer of polymer products for industrial, agricultural, automotive, commercial and consumer markets.
First Western Financial, Inc., a financial services holding company, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, First Western Trust, are headquartered in Denver, Colorado. First Western Trust maintains operations in Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming, and California. Based on a mission to be the best private bank for the western wealth management client, First Western Trust provides a fully integrated suite of wealth management services on a private trust bank platform, which includes a comprehensive selection of deposit, loan, trust, wealth planning, and investment management products and services.
Myriad myChoice is the most comprehensive homologous recombination deficiency (HRD) test, enabling physicians to identify patients with tumors that have lost the ability to repair double-stranded DNA breaks, resulting in increased susceptibility to DNA-damaging drugs such as platinum drugs or PARP inhibitors. The myChoice test comprises tumor sequencing of the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes and a composite of three proprietary technologies (loss of heterozygosity, telomeric allelic imbalance and large-scale state transitions).
Myomo, Inc. is a wearable medical robotics company that offers expanded mobility for those suffering from neurological disorders and upper limb paralysis. Myomo develops and markets the MyoPro product line. MyoPro is a powered upper limb orthosis designed to support the arm and restore function to the weakened or paralyzed arms of patients suffering from CVA stroke, brachial plexus injury, traumatic brain or spinal cord injury, ALS or other neuromuscular disease or injury. It is currently the only marketed device that, sensing a patient?€?s own EMG signals through non-invasive sensors on the arm, can restore an individual?€?s ability to perform activities of daily living, including feeding themselves, carrying objects and doing household tasks. Many are able to return to work, live independently and reduce their cost of care. Myomo is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, with sales and clinical professionals across the U.S. and representatives internationally
Myovant Sciences??aspires to redefine care for women and for men through purpose-driven science, empowering medicines, and transformative advocacy. Our lead product candidate, relugolix, is a once-daily, oral GnRH receptor antagonist. Relugolix combination tablet (relugolix 40 mg, estradiol 1.0 mg, and norethindrone acetate 0.5 mg) is under regulatory review in??Europe??and the??U.S.??for women with uterine fibroids and is under development for women with endometriosis. Relugolix monotherapy tablet (120 mg) is under regulatory review in the??U.S.??for men with advanced prostate cancer. We are also developing MVT-602, an oligopeptide kisspeptin-1 receptor agonist, which has completed a Phase 2a study for female infertility as part of assisted reproduction. Sumitovant Biopharma, Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co., Ltd., is our majority shareholder.
MYR Group is a holding company of leading specialty contractors serving the electric utility infrastructure, commercial and industrial construction markets throughout the United States and western Canada who have the experience and expertise to complete electrical installations of any type and size. Their comprehensive services on electric transmission and distribution networks and substation facilities include design, engineering, procurement, construction, upgrade, maintenance, and repair services. Transmission and distribution customers include investor-owned utilities, cooperatives, private developers, government-funded utilities, independent power producers, independent transmission companies, industrial facility owners and other contractors. Commercial and industrial electrical contracting services are provided to general contractors, commercial and industrial facility owners, local governments, and developers.
My Size, Inc. has developed a unique measurement technology based on sophisticated algorithms and cutting-edge technology with broad applications including the apparel, e-commerce, DIY, shipping and parcel delivery industries. This proprietary measurement technology is driven by several algorithms which are able to calculate and record measurements in a variety of novel ways.
Delta Technology Holdings Ltd
Natural Alternatives International, Inc. (NAI) is a formulator, manufacturer and marketer of nutritional supplements. The Company provides private-label contract manufacturing services to companies that market and distribute vitamins, minerals, herbal and other nutritional supplements, as well as other health care products, to consumers both within and outside the United States. In addition, NAI develops, manufactures and markets its own branded products under the Pathway to Healing product line. The Company manufactures products in a range of forms, including capsules, tablets, chewable wafers and powders to accommodate a range of consumer preferences. Natural Alternatives International Europe S.A. (NAIE), which is wholly owned subsidiary, operates a manufacturing, warehousing, packaging and distribution facility in Manno, Switzerland.
Northern Dynasty Minerals Ltd. is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and development of mineral properties in the United States. Its principal property is the Pebble Copper-Gold-Molybdenum project located in southwest Alaska. Northern Dynasty Minerals Ltd. was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.
Naked Brand Group Inc., formerly Search By Headlines.com Corp., is a development-stage company. The Company is seeking new business opportunities with established business entities for the merger with or acquisition of a target business. Effective August 29, 2012, the Company completed the merger with its subsidiary Naked Brand Group Inc.
NanoVibronix, Inc. is a medical device company headquartered in Elmsford, New York, with research and development in Nesher, Israel, focused on developing medical devices utilizing its patented low intensity surface acoustic wave (SAW) technology. The proprietary technology allows for the creation of low-frequency ultrasound waves that can be utilized for a variety of medical applications, including for disruption of biofilms and bacterial colonization, as well as for pain relief. The devices can be administered at home without the assistance of medical professionals. The Company?€?s primary products include PainShield??, UroShield?? and WoundShield??, all of which are portable devices suitable for administration at home without assistance of medical professionals.
Inari Medical, Inc. is a commercial-stage medical device company focused on developing products to treat and transform the lives of patients suffering from venous diseases. Inari has developed two minimally-invasive, novel catheter-based mechanical thrombectomy devices that are designed to remove large clots from large vessels and eliminate the need for thrombolytic drugs. The company purpose-built its products for the specific characteristics of the venous system and the treatment of the two distinct manifestations of venous thromboembolism, or VTE: deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. The ClotTriever system is 510(k)-cleared by the FDA for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis. The FlowTriever system is 510(k)-cleared by the FDA for the treatment of pulmonary embolism.
Nordic American Tankers Limited, a tanker company, engages in acquiring and chartering double-hull tankers. As of December 31, 2014, it owned 24 Suezmax crude oil tankers, including two new buildings under construction. The company was founded in 1995 and is based in Hamilton, Bermuda.
Nathan?€?s is a Russell 2000 Company that currently distributes its products in 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, and 11 foreign countries through its restaurant system, foodservice sales programs and product licensing activities. Last year, over 700 million Nathan?€?s Famous hot dogs were sold. Nathan?€?s was ranked #22 on the Forbes 2014 list of the Best Small Companies in America and was listed as the Best Small Company in New York State in October 2013.
NI (ni.com) develops high-performance automated test and automated measurement systems to help you solve your engineering challenges now and into the future. Our open, software-defined platform uses modular hardware and an expansive ecosystem to help you turn powerful possibilities into real solutions.
Nature's Sunshine Products, Inc. along with its subsidiaries, is a natural health and wellness company primarily engaged in the manufacturing and direct selling of nutritional and personal care products. The Company sells its products worldwide to a sales force of independent distributors and customers who use the products themselves or resell them to other distributors or customers. It operates in three segments. Two of the operating business segments operate under the Nature's Sunshine Products brand and are based on geographic operations in the United States (NSP United States) and in countries outside the United States (NSP International). Its third reportable business segment operates under the Synergy Worldwide brand. The Company's line of over 700 products includes herbal products, vitamins, mineral and other nutritional supplements, personal care products and other products, such as homeopathic products and sales aids.
Navistar International Corporation is a holding company whose subsidiaries and affiliates produce International ?? brand commercial and military trucks, proprietary diesel engines, and IC Bus ?? brand school and commercial buses. An affiliate also provides truck and diesel engine service parts. Another affiliate offers financing services.
Navistar International Corporation Preferred Stock
Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (NYSE American: NAVB) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of precision immunodiagnostic agents and immunotherapeutics. Navidea is developing multiple precision-targeted products based on its Manocept?????platform to enhance patient care by identifying the sites and pathways of disease and enable better diagnostic accuracy, clinical decision-making, and targeted treatment. Navidea?€?s Manocept platform is predicated on the ability to specifically target the CD206 mannose receptor expressed on activated macrophages. The Manocept platform serves as the molecular backbone of Tc99m tilmanocept, the first product developed and commercialized by Navidea based on the platform. Navidea?€?s strategy is to deliver superior growth and shareholder return by bringing to market novel products and advancing the Company?€?s pipeline through global partnering and commercialization efforts.
Navient is a leading provider of education loan management and business processing solutions for education, healthcare, and government clients at the federal, state, and local levels. Navient helps clients and millions of Americans achieve success through technology-enabled financing, services, and support.

New Beginnings Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord & 1/2 War)
New Beginnings Acquisition Corp - Warrants (01/01/9999)

Newborn Acquisition Corp Rt 02032025
Newborn Acquisition Corp Units 1 Ord 1 Red War & 1 Right
Newborn Acquisition Corp Wt Exp 02032025
NBEV ) NewAge is a Colorado-based organic and healthy products company dedicated to inspiring and educating consumers to ?€?Live Healthy.?€? The Company is an omni-channel distributed company with access to traditional retail, e-commerce, direct-to-consumer, and medical channels across 60 countries worldwide. NewAge markets a portfolio of better-for-you products including the brands Tahitian Noni, TeMana, Nestea, Volvic, Illy Coffee, Evian, B??cha Live Kombucha, ?€?Nhanced and others. The Company operates the websites www.newage.com, www.noninewage.com, and a number of other individual brand websites. NewAge has announced a transaction with ARIIX LLC. Once the ARIIX transaction is completed, we will be the only omni-channel company with access to traditional retail, e-commerce, direct-to-consumer, and other channels across more than 75 countries worldwide, with a network of over 400,000 exclusive independent product consultants, representatives, and affiliates around the globe. After the transaction is closed NewAge will market a portfolio of better-for-you products along with the companies, ARIIX, ZENNOA, Shannen, MaVie, and Limu in healthy hydration & wellness, healthy appearance, and nutritional performance platforms. The Company has announced the merger of NewAge with ARIIX and four other e-commerce/direct selling companies on July 21, 2020. This transaction is anticipated to close during the third quarter of 2020.
National Bank Holdings Corporation is a bank holding company created to build a leading community bank franchise delivering high quality client service and committed to shareholder results. Through its bank subsidiary, NBH Bank, National Bank Holdings Corporation operates a network of 90 banking centers, serving individual consumers, small, medium and large businesses, and government and non-profit entities. The bank?€?s core geographic footprint consists of Colorado, the greater Kansas City region, Texas, Utah and New Mexico. NBH Bank operates under the following brand names: Community Banks of Colorado and Community Banks Mortgage, a division of NBH Bank, in Colorado, Bank Midwest and Bank Midwest Mortgage in Kansas and Missouri, and Hillcrest Bank and Hillcrest Bank Mortgage in Texas, Utah and New Mexico.
Neurocrine Biosciences is a neuroscience-focused, biopharmaceutical company dedicated to discovering, developing and delivering life-changing treatments for people with serious, challenging and under-addressed neurological, endocrine and psychiatric disorders. The Company's diverse portfolio includes FDA-approved treatments for tardive dyskinesia, Parkinson's disease, endometriosis*, uterine fibroids* and clinical programs in multiple therapeutic areas. For nearly three decades, Neurocrine Biosciences has specialized in targeting and interrupting disease-causing mechanisms involving the interconnected pathways of the nervous and endocrine systems.
Noble Midstream is a growth-oriented master limited partnership formed by Noble Energy, Inc., to own, operate, develop and acquire domestic midstream infrastructure assets. Noble Midstream currently provides crude oil, natural gas, and water-related midstream services in the DJ Basin in Colorado and the Delaware Basin in Texas.
Northeast Bancorp is the holding company for Northeast Bank, a full-service bank headquartered in Lewiston, Maine. We offer personal and business banking services to the Maine market via ten branches. Our Loan Acquisition and Servicing Group purchases and originates commercial loans on a nationwide basis and our Small Business Administration Division supports the needs of growing businesses nationally. ableBanking, a division of Northeast Bank, offers online savings products to consumers nationwide.
Nabors owns and operates one of the world's largest land-based drilling rig fleets and provides offshore platform rigs in the United States and several international markets. Nabors also provides directional drilling services, tubular services, performance software, and innovative technologies for its own rig fleet and those of third parties. Leveraging advanced drilling automation capabilities, Nabors highly skilled workforce continues to set new standards for operational excellence and transform the industry.
Nabors Industries Ltd. 6.00% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Shares Series A
nan
Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc (Ohr) is a biotechnology company. The Company focuses on the development of its two products, OHR/AVR118 for the treatment of cancer cachexia (multi-symptom wasting disorder), and Squalamine for the treatment of the wet form of age-related macular degeneration using an eye drop formulation. As of September 30, 2012, the Company is engaged in the clinical testing of OHR/AVR118 and the Squalamine eye drop program for the treatment of wet-AMD. On September 24, 2012, the Company announced the initiation of a multi center, randomized, placebo controlled Phase II trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Squalamine eye drops for the treatment of the wet form of age-related macular degeneration. In September 2012, the Company commenced a clinical study, named OHR-002.
NBT Bancorp Inc. is a financial holding company headquartered in Norwich, N.Y., with total assets of $9.7 billion at December 31, 2019. The Company primarily operates through NBT Bank, N.A., a full-service community bank and through two financial services companies. NBT Bank, N.A. has 146 banking locations in New York, Pennsylvania, Vermont, Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Maine. EPIC Retirement Plan Services, based in Rochester, N.Y., is a full-service 401(k) plan recordkeeping firm. NBT Insurance Agency, LLC, based in Norwich, N.Y., is a full-service insurance agency.
?? NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focusing on commercializing and developing its non-antibiotic anti-infective products to address the unmet therapeutic needs of the global, topical anti-infective market with its two distinct product categories: the NEUTROX ?? family of products and the AGANOCIDE ?? compounds. The Neutrox family of products includes AVENOVA ?? for the eye care market, CELLERX ?? for the aesthetic dermatology market and NEUTROPHASE ?? for the wound care market. The Aganocide compounds, still under development, have target applications in dermatology and urology.
NACCO Industries, Inc. ?? is the public holding company for The North American Coal Corporation ??. The Company and its affiliates operate in the mining and natural resources industries through three operating segments: Coal Mining, North American Mining and Minerals Management. The Coal Mining segment operates surface coal mines under long-term contracts with power generation companies and an activated carbon producer pursuant to a service-based business model. The North American Mining segment provides value-added contract mining and other services for producers of aggregates, lithium and other minerals. The Minerals Management segment promotes the development of the Company's oil, gas and coal reserves, generating income primarily from royalty-based lease payments from third parties. In addition, the Company has launched a new business providing stream and wetland mitigation solutions.
Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. is the bank holding company of Nicolet National Bank, a growing, full-service, community bank providing services ranging from commercial and consumer banking to wealth management and retirement plan services. Founded in Green Bay in 2000, Nicolet National Bank operates branches in Northeast and Central Wisconsin and the upper peninsula of Michigan.
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. is a leading global cruise company which operates the Norwegian Cruise Line, Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises brands. With a combined fleet of 28 ships with approximately 59,150 berths, these brands offer itineraries to more than 490 destinations worldwide. The Company has nine additional ships scheduled for delivery through 2027.
National CineMedia (NCM) is America?€?s Movie Network. As the largest cinema advertising network in the U.S., we unite brands with the power of movies and engage movie fans anytime and anywhere. NCM?€?s Noovie pre-show is presented exclusively in 56 leading national and regional theater circuits including AMC Entertainment Inc. (NYSE: AMC), Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: CNK) and Regal Entertainment Group (a subsidiary of Cineworld Group PLC. LON: CINE). NCM?€?s cinema advertising network offers broad reach and unparalleled audience engagement with over 20,900 screens in over 1,700 theaters in 190 Designated Market Areas?? (all of the top 50). NCM Digital goes beyond the big screen, extending in-theater campaigns into online and mobile marketing programs to reach entertainment audiences. National CineMedia, Inc. owns a 48.0% interest in, and is the managing member of, National CineMedia, LLC.
NuCana is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on significantly improving treatment outcomes for cancer patients by applying our ProTide technology to transform some of the most widely prescribed chemotherapy agents, nucleoside analogs, into more effective and safer medicines. While these conventional agents remain part of the standard of care for the treatment of many solid and hematological tumors, their efficacy is limited by cancer cell resistance mechanisms and they are often poorly tolerated. Utilizing our proprietary technology, we are developing new medicines, ProTides, designed to overcome key cancer resistance mechanisms and generate much higher concentrations of anti-cancer metabolites in cancer cells. NuCana?€?s robust pipeline includes three ProTides in clinical development. Acelarin and NUC-3373, are new chemical entities derived from the nucleoside analogs gemcitabine and 5-fluorouracil, respectively, two widely used chemotherapy agents. Acelarin is currently being evaluated in four clinical studies, including a Phase III study for patients with biliary tract cancer, a Phase Ib study for patients with biliary tract cancer, a Phase II study for patients with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer and a Phase III study for patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer for which enrollment has been suspended. NUC-3373 is currently in a Phase I study for the potential treatment of a wide range of advanced solid tumors and a Phase Ib study for patients with metastatic colorectal cancer. Our third ProTide, NUC-7738, is a transformation of a novel nucleoside analog (3?€?-deoxyadenosine) and is in a Phase I study for patients with advanced solid tumors.
nCino Inc Com
NCR Corporation is a leading software- and services-led enterprise provider in the financial, retail and hospitality industries. NCR is headquartered in Atlanta, Ga., with 36,000 employees globally. NCR is a trademark of NCR Corporation in the United States and other countries. Website: www.ncr.com Twitter: @NCRCorporation Facebook: www.facebook.com/ncrcorp LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/ncr-corporation YouTube: www.youtube.com/user/ncrcorporation
NCS Multistage Holdings, Inc. is a leading provider of highly engineered products and support services that facilitate the optimization of oil and natural gas well completions and field development strategies. NCS provides products and services to exploration and production companies for use in horizontal wells in unconventional oil and natural gas formations throughout North America and in selected international markets, including Argentina, China, Russia, the Middle East and the North Sea.
The9 Limited ("The9") is an Internet company based in China listed on Nasdaq in 2004. The9 aims to become a diversified high-tech Internet company. Website: https://www.the9.com/en SOURCE The9 Limited
AllianzGI Convertible & Income Fund 5.625% Series A Cumulative Preferred Shares (Liquidation Preference $25.00 per share)
AllianzGI Convertible & Income Fund II 5.50% Series A Cumulative Preferred Shares (Liquidation Preference $25.00 per share)
The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. (NASDAQ OMX) is a holding company. It is a global exchange group that delivers trading, clearing, exchange technology, regulatory, securities listing, and public company services across six continents. Its global offerings are diverse and include trading and clearing across multiple asset classes, market data products, financial indexes, capital formation solutions, financial services and market technology products and services. The Company operates in three segments: Market Services, Issuer Services and Market Technology. In June 2013, the Company announced the completion of its acquisition of Thomson Reuters Investor Relations, Public Relations and Multimedia Solutions businesses, which provide insight, analytics and communications solutions. In July 2013, BGC Partners Inc announced that it closed the sale of its on-the-run, 2-, 3-, 5-, 7-, 10-, and 30-year fully electronic trading platform for U.S. Treasury Notes and Bonds to NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc.
Since 1995,??Noodles & Company??has been serving noodles your way, with noodles and flavors that you know and love as well as new ones you're about to discover. From indulgent Wisconsin Mac & Cheese to better-for-you Zoodles and Other Noodles, the company serves a world of flavor in every bowl. Made up of more than 450 restaurants and thousands of passionate team members, Noodles was named one of the Best Places to Work by the??Denver Business Journal??for its unique culture built on the value of "Loving Life," which begins by nourishing and inspiring every team member and guest who walks through the door.
Nuveen Dynamic Municipal Opportunities Fund
ENDRA Life Sciences Inc. is the pioneer of Thermo Acoustic Enhanced UltraSound (TAEUS??), a ground-breaking technology that mirrors some applications similar to MRI, but at 50X lower cost, at the point of patient care. TAEUS?? is designed to work in concert with one million ultrasound systems in global use today. TAEUS?? is initially focused on the measurement of fat in the liver, as a means to assess and monitor NAFLD and NASH, chronic liver conditions that affect over 1 billion people globally, and for which there are no practical diagnostic tools. Beyond the liver, ENDRA is exploring several other clinical applications of TAEUS??, including visualization of tissue temperature during energy-based surgical procedures.www.endrainc.com About AASLD AASLD is the leading organization of scientists and health care professionals committed to preventing and curing liver disease. AASLD fosters research that leads to improved treatment options for millions of liver disease patients. We advance the science and practice of hepatology through educational conferences, training programs, professional publications, and partnerships with government agencies and sister societies. About RSNA The Radiological Society of North America (RSNA) is a non-profit organization with over 52,000 members from 153 countries around the world. The RSNA provides high-quality educational resources, including continuing education credits toward physicians' certification maintenance, host the world's largest radiology conference and publish five top peer-reviewed journals: Radiology, RadioGraphics, Radiology: Artificial Intelligence, Radiology: Cardiothoracic Imaging and Radiology: Imaging Cancer.
ENDRA Life Sciences Inc. Warrants
Nordson EFD designs and manufactures precision fluid dispensing systems for benchtop assembly processes and automated assembly lines. By enabling manufacturers to apply the same amount of adhesive, lubricant or other assembly fluid to every part, every time, EFD dispensing systems are helping companies in a wide variety of industries increase throughput, improve quality, and lower their production costs. Other fluid management capabilities include high-quality syringe barrels and cartridges for packaging one- and two-component materials, along with a wide variety of fittings, couplers and connectors for controlling fluid flow in medical, biopharmaceutical and industrial environments. The company is also a leading formulator of specialty solder pastes for dispensing and printing applications in the electronics industry. About Nordson Corporation Nordson engineers, manufactures, and markets differentiated products and systems used for dispensing and processing adhesives, coatings, polymers, sealants and biomaterials; and for managing fluids, testing and inspecting for quality, treating surfaces and curing. Nordson engineers, manufactures, and markets differentiated products and systems used for dispensing and processing adhesives, coatings, polymers, sealants and biomaterials; and for managing fluids, testing and inspecting for quality, treating surfaces and curing. These products are supported with extensive application expertise and direct global sales and service. We serve a wide variety of consumer non-durable, consumer durable and technology end markets including packaging, nonwovens, electronics, medical, appliances, energy, transportation, building and construction, and general product assembly and finishing. Founded in 1954 and headquartered in Westlake, Ohio, the company has operations and support offices in more than 30 countries. Visit Nordson on the web at nordson.com, twitter.com/Nordson_Corp or facebook.com/nordson.
NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE) is an electric power company. The Company has over 42,000 megawatt of generating capacity in 26 states in the United States and four provinces in Canada. It also purchases electric power for resale to its customers and provides risk management services related to power and gas consumption for a limited number of customers. It is the generator in North America of renewable energy from the wind and sun. It owns and operates approximately 17% of the installed base of United States wind power production capacity and operates approximately 14% of the installed base of United States utility-scale solar power production capacity as of December 31, 2012. It also owns and operates one of the fleets of nuclear power stations in the United States, with eight reactors at five sites located in four states, representing approximately 6% of United States nuclear power electric generating capacity as of December 31, 2012.
NextEra Energy Inc. Series K Junior Subordinated Debentures due June 1 2076
NextEra Energy Inc Series N Junior Subordinated Debentures due March 1 2079

DELISTED - NextEra Energy Inc. Corporate Units
Newmont is the world?€?s leading gold company and a producer of copper, silver, zinc and lead. The Company?€?s world-class portfolio of assets, prospects and talent is anchored in favorable mining jurisdictions in North America, South America, Australia and Africa. Newmont is the only gold producer listed in the S&P 500 Index and is widely recognized for its principled environmental, social and governance practices. The Company is an industry leader in value creation, supported by robust safety standards, superior execution and technical expertise. Newmont was founded in 1921 and has been publicly traded since 1925.
New England Realty Associates Limited Partnership is engaged in the business of acquiring, developing, holding for investment, operating and selling real estate. The Company, through 24 subsidiary limited partnerships or limited liability companies, owns and operates various residential apartment buildings, condominium units and commercial properties located in Massachusetts and New Hampshire. The Company owns between a 99.67% and 100% interest in each of the Subsidiary Partnerships, except in nine limited liability companies (Investment Properties or Joint Ventures) in which the Company has between a 40% and 50% ownership interest. On May 18, 2011, the Partnership sold Avon Street Apartments. On June 1, 2011, the Partnership purchased the Battle Green Apartments.
NeoGenomics, Inc. specializes in cancer genetics testing and information services. The Company provides one of the most comprehensive oncology-focused testing menus in the world for physicians to help them diagnose and treat cancer. The Company's Pharma Services Division serves pharmaceutical clients in clinical trials and drug development. Headquartered in Fort Myers, FL, NeoGenomics operates CAP-accredited and CLIA certified laboratories in Fort Myers and Tampa, Florida; Aliso Viejo, Carlsbad and San Diego, California; Houston, Texas; Atlanta, Georgia; Nashville, Tennessee; and CAP-accredited laboratories in Rolle, Switzerland, and Singapore. NeoGenomics serves the needs of pathologists, oncologists, academic centers, hospital systems, pharmaceutical firms, integrated service delivery networks, and managed care organizations throughout the United States, and pharmaceutical firms in Europe and Asia.
Neogen Corporation (Neogen) together with its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures, and markets a diverse line of products dedicated to food and animal safety. The Company's food safety segment consists primarily of diagnostic test kits and complementary products (dehydrated culture media) sold to food producers and processors to detect dangerous and/or unintended substances in human food and animal feed, such as foodborne pathogens, spoilage organisms, natural toxins, food allergens, genetic modifications, ruminant by-products, drug residues, pesticide residues and general sanitation concerns. In November 2013, the Company announced that it has acquired the assets of Prima Tech Incorporated, a veterinary instrument company. In November 2013, the Company announced that Neo Garden Catering Pte. Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company has completed the acquisition of 5 units of properties at Enterprise Road from International Flavors & Fragrances (Greater Asia) Pte. Ltd.
Neonode Inc. is a publicly traded company, headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden and established in 2001. The company provides advanced optical sensing solutions for touch, gesture control, and remote sensing. Building on experience acquired during years of advanced optical R&D and technology licensing, Neonode's technology is currently deployed in more than 75??million products and the company holds more than 120 patents worldwide. Neonode's customer base includes some of the world's best-known Fortune 500 companies in the consumer electronics, office equipment, medical, avionics, and automotive industries. NEONODE and the NEONODE logo are trademarks of Neonode Inc. registered in the United States and other countries.
Neos Therapeutics, Inc.?? is a commercial-stage pharmaceutical company developing and manufacturing central nervous system (CNS)-focused products. The Company markets Adzenys XR-ODT ?? (amphetamine) extended-release orally disintegrating tablets (see Full Prescribing Information, including Boxed WARNING), Cotempla XR-ODT ?? (methylphenidate) extended-release orally disintegrating tablets (see Full Prescribing Information, including Boxed WARNING), and Adzenys-ER ?? (amphetamine) extended-release oral suspension (see Full Prescribing Information, including Boxed WARNING), all for the treatment of ADHD. The Company also has a development candidate, NT0502, for the treatment of sialorrhea in patients with neurological conditions.
NextEra Energy Partners, LP acquires, owns, and operates contracted clean energy projects. It owns interests in wind and solar projects in North America. The company was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Juno Beach, Florida. NextEra Energy Partners, LP is a subsidiary of NextEra Energy, Inc.
Nephros is a commercial-stage company that develops and markets high-performance water purification products and pathogen detection systems for medical and commercial markets. Nephros ultrafilters are used in hospitals, medical clinics, and commercial facilities to retain bacteria and viruses from water, providing barriers that aid in infection control for showers, sinks, and ice machines. Nephros ultrafilters are also used in dialysis centers to aid in the removal of endotoxins and other biological contaminants from water and bicarbonate concentrate in hemodialysis machines. Nephros pathogen detection systems, including the PluraPath and SequaPath systems, provide near-real time information on bacterial genera, waterborne bacteria, and viruses to medical and water safety professionals. These products integrate Nephros ultrafilters with DNA sequencing and quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) technology. Nephros commercial filters, including AETHER??? brand filters, improve the taste and odor of water, and reduce scale build-up in downstream equipment. Nephros and AETHER products are used in the health care, food service, hospitality, and convenience store markets.
Neptune Wellness Solutions is a unique global health and wellness company that is changing consumer habits through the creation and distribution of environmentally friendly, ethical and innovative consumer product goods. Neptune's simultaneous focus on B2C and B2B customer-oriented brand development provides the Company with international reach and scale from its owned and operated facilities that extract and create product formulation, all the way to the sales floor at top global retailers. Underpinned by a disruptive spirit, Neptune's diversified, and fully integrated business model focuses on natural, plant-based, sustainable and purpose-driven lifestyle brands and the use of cannabinoids in household products to make them safer, healthier and more effective. Its portfolio includes emerging brands such as Forest Remedies???, Ocean Remedies???, Neptune Wellness???, Mood Ring???, and OCEANO3???, which are poised for rapid growth and expansion. Backed with a cost-efficient manufacturing and supply chain infrastructure that can be scaled up and down or into adjacent product categories to identify new innovation opportunities, Neptune quickly adapts to consumer preferences and demand, and is bringing its products as well as other Fortune 100 brands to market through strategic distribution partnerships, mass retail partners and e-commerce channels. Neptune is committed to its core mission of redefining health and wellness and helping humanity thrive by providing sustainable consumer focused solutions.
Minerva?€?s portfolio of compounds includes: roluperidone (MIN-101), in clinical development for schizophrenia; a potential royalty stream from seltorexant (MIN-202 or JNJ-42847922), in clinical development for insomnia and major depressive disorder; and MIN-301, in pre-clinical development for Parkinson?€?s disease.
Nuverra Environmental Solutions, Inc., formerly Heckmann Corporation, provides environmental solutions to protect, enhance and advance environmental sustainability. Nuverra provides full-cycle environmental solutions to a national customer base consisting of two distinct end markets: Shale Solutions and Industrial Solutions. The Company is focused on the removal, treatment, recycling, transportation and disposal of restricted solids, fluids and hydrocarbons for E&P customers. It also provides a one-stop-shop for energy recovery, re-refining and recycling of used motor oil and oily wastewater; plus a closed loop spent antifreeze program for retail, automotive and manufacturing customers. Nuverra specializes in providing environmentally compliant and sustainable solutions to a national footprint of customers.
The Dhahran Techno Valley Holding Company (DTVC) ?€? a wholly owned subsidiary of the King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals (KFUPM) ?€? is a key driver of the Dhahran Techno Valley Ecosystem, which was created to promote a knowledge-based economy in Dhahran and in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia. This ecosystem includes KFUPM, national champions such as Saudi Aramco, SABIC and SEC, technology partners and small to medium size enterprises. DTVC is composed of a holding structure that includes a holding company (Dhahran Techno Valley Holding Company) and five subsidiaries and branches (Dhahran Valley Technology Development Company, Dhahran Valley Knowledge Company, Business Park Complex Company, Dhahran Valley Business Services Company and University Schools Company).

Cloudflare, Inc. ( www.cloudflare.com / @cloudflare) is on a mission to help build a better Internet. Cloudflare?€?s platform protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare have all web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine?€?s Top Company Cultures 2018 list and ranked among the World?€?s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company in 2019. Headquartered in San Francisco, CA, Cloudflare has offices in Austin, TX, Champaign, IL, Seattle, WA, New York, NY, San Jose, CA, Washington, D.C., Lisbon, London, Munich, Beijing, Singapore, Sydney, and Tokyo.
Net Element, Inc. (NASDAQ: NETE) operates a payments-as-a-service transactional and value-added services platform for small to medium enterprise ("SME") in the U.S. and selected emerging markets. In the U.S. it aims to grow transactional revenue by innovating SME productivity services using blockchain technology solutions and Aptito, our cloud-based, restaurant and retail point-of-sale solution. Internationally, Net Element's strategy is to leverage its omni-channel platform to deliver flexible offerings to emerging markets with diverse banking, regulatory and demographic conditions. Net Element was ranked as one of the fastest growing companies in North America on Deloitte's 2017 Technology Fast 500???.  In 2017 we were recognized by South Florida Business Journal's as one of 2016's fastest growing technology companies. Further information is available at www.NetElement.com.
NewMarket Corporation (NewMarket) is a holding company, which is the parent company of Afton Chemical Corporation (Afton), Ethyl Corporation (Ethyl), NewMarket Services Corporation (NewMarket Services), and NewMarket Development Corporation (NewMarket Development). Each of the Company's subsidiaries manages its own assets and liabilities. Afton encompasses the petroleum additives business, while Ethyl represents the sale and distribution of tetraethyl lead (TEL) in North America and certain petroleum additives manufacturing operations. NewMarket Development manages the property, which it owns in Richmond, Virginia. NewMarket Services provides administrative services to NewMarket, Afton, Ethyl, and NewMarket Development. NewMarket Services departmental expenses and other expenses are billed to NewMarket and each subsidiary pursuant to services agreements between the companies.
Puxin Limited (NYSE: NEW, "Puxin" or the "Company") is a successful consolidator of the after-school education industry in China. Puxin has a strong acquisition and integration expertise to effectively improve education quality and operational performance of acquired schools. Puxin offers a full spectrum of K-12 and study-abroad tutoring programs designed to help students achieve academic excellence, as well as prepare for admission tests and applications for top schools, universities and graduate programs in China and other countries. The Company has developed a business model effectively combining strategic acquisitions and organic growth achieved through successful post-acquisition integration, which has differentiated the Company from other after-school education service providers in China.
Founded in 2012 and headquartered in Yantai, Shandong Province, Newater is a China-based wastewater purification treatment company that focuses on the development, manufacture and sale of disk tube reverse osmosis and disk tube nano???ltration membrane filtration products that are used in the treatment, recycling and discharge of wastewater. The Company's products can be used across a wide spectrum of industries. The Company also supplies hardware and engineered systems necessary to implement integrated solutions and provides related technical solutions in engineering support and installation, technical advice and other project related solutions.
The world?€?s best engineering teams rely on New Relic to visualize, analyze and troubleshoot their software. New Relic One is the most powerful cloud-based observability platform built to help companies create more perfect software. Learn why customers trust New Relic for improved uptime and performance, greater scale and efficiency, and accelerated time to market at newrelic.com. New Relic is a registered trademark of New Relic, Inc. Social Media Links: Facebook | Twitter | YouTube | LinkedIn
Newtek Business Services Corp., Your Business Solutions Company ??, is an internally managed BDC, which along with its controlled portfolio companies, provides a wide range of business and financial solutions under the Newtek ?? brand to the small- and medium-sized business (?€?SMB?€?) market. Since 1999, Newtek has provided state-of-the-art, cost-efficient products and services and efficient business strategies to SMB relationships across all 50 states to help them grow their sales, control their expenses and reduce their risk. Newtek?€?s and its portfolio companies?€? products and services include: Business Lending, SBA Lending Solutions, Electronic Payment Processing, Technology Solutions (Cloud Computing, Data Backup, Storage and Retrieval, IT Consulting), eCommerce, Accounts Receivable Financing & Inventory Financing, Insurance Solutions, Web Services, and Payroll and Benefits Solutions. Newtek ?? and Your Business Solutions Company ??, are registered trademarks of Newtek Business Services Corp.
Newtek Business Services Corp - 5.75% NT REDEEM 01/08/2024 USD
Headquartered in Houston, Texas, Keane is one of the largest pure-play providers of integrated well completion services in the U.S., with a focus on complex, technically demanding completion solutions. Keane's primary service offerings include horizontal and vertical fracturing, wireline perforation and logging, engineered solutions and cementing, as well as other value-added service offerings.
Nexa Resources S.A.
NEXTEST SYSTEMS CORP
Northfield Bank, founded in 1887, operates 43 full-service banking offices (including six branches from the Victory acquisition of Victory) in Staten Island and Brooklyn, New York, and Hunterdon, Middlesex, Mercer, and Union counties, New Jersey.
DELISTED - New Fortress Energy is a global energy infrastructure company founded to help accelerate the world?€?s transition to clean energy. The company funds, builds and operates natural gas infrastructure and logistics to rapidly deliver fully integrated, turnkey energy solutions that enable economic growth, enhance environmental stewardship and transform local industries and communities. Non-GAAP Financial Measure Operating Margin is not a measurement of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to income/(loss) from operations, net income/(loss), cash flow from operating activities or any other measure of performance or liquidity derived in accordance with GAAP. We believe this non-GAAP financial measure, as we have defined it, provides a supplemental measure of financial performance of our current liquefaction, regasification and power generation operations. This measure excludes items that have little or no significance on day-to-day performance of our current liquefaction, regasification and power generation operations, including our corporate SG&A, contract termination charges and loss on mitigation sales, loss on extinguishment of debt, net, and other expense. As Operating Margin measures our financial performance based on operational factors that management can impact in the short-term and provides an assessment of controllable expenses, items associated with our capital structure and beyond the control of management in the short-term, such as depreciation and amortization, taxation, and interest expense are excluded. As a result, this supplemental metric affords management the ability to make decisions to facilitate meeting current financial goals as well as to achieve optimal financial performance of our current liquefaction, regasification and power generation operations. The principal limitation of this non-GAAP measure is that it excludes significant expenses and income that are required by GAAP to be recorded in our financial statements. A reconciliation is provided for the non-GAAP financial measure to our GAAP net income/(loss). Investors are encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to our GAAP net income/(loss), and not to rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business.
National Fuel Gas Company is a holding company. The Company operates in four segments: Utility segment, Pipeline and Storage segment, Exploration and Production segment and Energy Marketing segment. The Utility segment operations are carried out by National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation (Distribution Corporation). The Pipeline and Storage segment operations are carried out by National Fuel Gas Supply Corporation (Supply Corporation), and Empire Pipeline, Inc. (Empire). The Exploration and Production segment operations are carried out by Seneca Resources Corporation (Seneca). The Energy Marketing segment operations are carried out by National Fuel Resources, Inc. (NFR). The Company's other direct wholly owned subsidiaries or businesses include Seneca's Northeast Division and National Fuel Gas Midstream Corporation (Midstream Corporation).
New Frontier Corporation Class A

Netflix is the world's leading internet entertainment service with over 148 million memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, documentaries and feature films across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can watch as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, on any internet-connected screen. Members can play, pause and resume watching, all without commercials or commitments. SOURCE Netflix, Inc. Related Links http://www.netflix.com
NovaGold Resources Inc. explores and develops mineral properties in Canada and the United States. The company primarily explores for gold, silver, and copper deposits. Its flagship project is the 50%-owned Donlin Gold project covering an area of 81,361 acres located in the Kuskokwim region of southwestern Alaska. The company was formerly known as NovaCan Mining Resources (1985) Limited and changed its name to NovaGold Resources Inc. in March 1987. NovaGold Resources Inc. was founded in 1984 and is based in Vancouver, Canada.

Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp - Warrants (31/07/2027)
NextGen Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp
New Gold Inc., a gold mining company, engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, and operation of mineral properties. It primarily explores for gold, silver, and copper deposits. The company??s operating properties include a 100% interest in the New Afton gold-copper mine in British Columbia, Canada; the Mesquite gold mine in California; the Peak gold-copper mines in New South Wales, Australia; and the Cerro San Pedro gold-silver mine in the state of San Luis Potos??, Mexico. It also has exploration and development projects, including a 100% interest in the Rainy River gold project in Ontario, Canada and the Blackwater gold-silver project in central British Columbia, Canada, as well as a 30% interest in the El Morro gold-copper development project in the Atacama Region, Chile. The company was formerly known as DRC Resources Corporation and changed its name to New Gold Inc. in June 2005. New Gold Inc. was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.
National Grid Renewables, part of the competitive, unregulated National Grid Ventures division of National Grid, develops, owns and operates large-scale renewable energy assets across the United States, including solar, wind and battery storage. As a farmer-friendly and community-focused business, National Grid Renewables develops projects for corporations and utilities that seek to repower America's electricity grid by reigniting local economies and reinvesting in a sustainable, clean energy future. National Grid Renewables has a robust development pipeline of wind, solar and battery storage projects in various stages of development throughout the United States, as well as geographically diverse operational assets across the country. It supports National Grid's vision of being at the heart of a clean, fair and affordable energy future for all.
National General Holdings Corp., headquartered in New York City, is a specialty personal lines insurance holding company. National General traces its roots to 1939, has a financial strength rating of A- (excellent) from A.M. Best, and provides personal and commercial automobile, homeowners, umbrella, recreational vehicle, motorcycle, supplemental health, and other niche insurance products.

NATIONAL GEN HLDGS CORP
National General Holdings Corp., a specialty personal lines insurance holding company, provides personal and commercial automobile, supplemental health, homeowners and umbrella, and other niche insurance products in the United States. The company operates in two segments, Property and Casualty, and Accident and Health. The Property and Casualty segment offers standard and preferred automobile insurance products; nonstandard automobile insurance products; and recreational vehicle (RV) insurance products that carry RV-specific endorsements comprising automatic personal effects coverage, optional replacement cost coverage, RV storage coverage, and full-time liability coverage. It also provides homeowners policies consisting of property and liability coverages for one- and two-family, owner-occupied residences; and additional coverage to the homeowner for personal umbrella. In addition, this segment offers commercial automobile insurance products, which covers liability and physical damage caused by light-to-medium duty commercial vehicles; and motorcycle insurance products for various types of motorcycles, as well as golf carts and all-terrain vehicles. The Accident and Health segment provides accident and non-major medical health insurance products, such as accident/AD&D coverage in the event of bodily injury or death due to accidental means; hospital indemnity; short term coverage post discharge from acute care/rehab center to the nursing home setting; and short-term medical plans. This segment also offers cancer/critical illness policies, stop loss programs for small and large employers, and basic dental and vision coverage products. In addition, it distributes life and health insurance to groups, as well as individuals. The company, formerly known as American Capital Acquisition Corporation, was founded in 1939 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
National General Holdings Corp., a specialty personal lines insurance holding company, provides personal and commercial automobile, supplemental health, homeowners and umbrella, and other niche insurance products in the United States. The company operates in two segments, Property and Casualty, and Accident and Health. The Property and Casualty segment offers standard and preferred automobile insurance products; nonstandard automobile insurance products; and recreational vehicle (RV) insurance products that carry RV-specific endorsements comprising automatic personal effects coverage, optional replacement cost coverage, RV storage coverage, and full-time liability coverage. It also provides homeowners policies consisting of property and liability coverages for one- and two-family, owner-occupied residences; and additional coverage to the homeowner for personal umbrella. In addition, this segment offers commercial automobile insurance products, which covers liability and physical damage caused by light-to-medium duty commercial vehicles; and motorcycle insurance products for various types of motorcycles, as well as golf carts and all-terrain vehicles. The Accident and Health segment provides accident and non-major medical health insurance products, such as accident/AD&D coverage in the event of bodily injury or death due to accidental means; hospital indemnity; short term coverage post discharge from acute care/rehab center to the nursing home setting; and short-term medical plans. This segment also offers cancer/critical illness policies, stop loss programs for small and large employers, and basic dental and vision coverage products. In addition, it distributes life and health insurance to groups, as well as individuals. The company, formerly known as American Capital Acquisition Corporation, was founded in 1939 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
NGL Energy Partners LP, a Delaware limited partnership, is a diversified midstream energy company that transports, stores, markets and provides other logistics services for crude oil, natural gas liquids and other products and transports, treats and disposes of produced water generated as part of the oil and natural gas production process.
NGL Energy Partners LP Perp Pfd Unit Cl C FixedFltg
Targa Resources Partners LP 9.00% Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units representing preferred equity interests
Ngm Biopharmaceuticals Inc Ordinary Shares
NeoGames SA
NGS is a leading provider of gas compression equipment and services to the energy industry. The Company manufactures, fabricates, rents, sells and maintains natural gas compressors and flare systems for oil and natural gas production and plant facilities.
Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage, Inc. is an expanding specialty retailer of natural and organic groceries, body care products and dietary supplements. The products sold by Natural Grocers must meet strict quality guidelines and may not contain artificial colors, flavors, preservatives or sweeteners, or partially hydrogenated or hydrogenated oils. The Company sells only USDA certified organic produce and exclusively pasture-raised, non-confinement dairy products, and free-range eggs. Natural Grocers' flexible smaller-store format allows it to offer affordable prices in a shopper-friendly, safe and convenient retail environment. The Company also provides extensive free science-based nutrition education programs to help customers make informed health and nutrition choices. The Company, founded in 1955, has 160 stores in 20 states.

NantHealth, a member of the NantWorks ecosystem of companies, provides leading solutions across the continuum of care for physicians, payers, patients and biopharmaceutical organizations. NantHealth enables the use of cutting-edge data and technology toward the goals of empowering clinical decision support and improving patient outcomes. NantHealth?€?s comprehensive product portfolio combines the latest technology in payer/provider platforms that exchange information in near-real time (NaviNet and Eviti), and molecular profiling services that combine comprehensive DNA & RNA tumor-normal profiling with pharmacogenomics analysis (GPS Cancer??).
National HealthCare Corporation (NHC) is engaged in the operation of long-term health care centers with associated assisted living and independent living centers. The Company's business activities include providing subacute skilled and intermediate nursing and rehabilitative care, senior living services, home health care services and hospice services. In addition, it provides management services, accounting and financial services and insurance services to third party owners of health care facilities. The Company operates in 11 states, and its owned and leased properties are located primarily in the southeastern United States. In September 2013, the Company announced the completion of the purchase of six skilled health care centers from National Health Investors, Inc.
Incorporated in 1991, National Health Investors, Inc. is a real estate investment trust specializing in sale-leaseback, joint-venture, mortgage and mezzanine financing of need-driven and discretionary senior housing and medical investments. NHI?€?s portfolio consists of independent, assisted and memory care communities, entrance-fee retirement communities, skilled nursing facilities, medical office buildings and specialty hospitals.

NewHold Investment Corp Unit 1 Com & 12 Wt Exp 03102025
NewHold Investment Corp - Warrants (10/03/2025)
National Holdings Corporation (NHLD) is a full-service investment banking and asset management firm that, through its affiliates, provides a range of services, including independent retail brokerage and advisory services, investment banking, institutional sales and trading, equity research, financial planning, market making, tax preparation, insurance, to corporations, institutions, high net-worth and retail investors. With approximately 1,000 advisors, registered reps, traders, sales associates and corporate staff, National Holdings operates through various subsidiaries including National Securities Corporation, National Asset Management, Inc., National Insurance Corporation, National Tax and Financial Services Inc. (formerly Gilman Ciocia, Inc.), GC Capital Corporation and the Winslow, Evans & Crocker entities. Formed as a holding company in 1996, National Holdings?€? largest subsidiary National Securities Corporation has been in business since 1947. National Holdings is headquartered in New York and Florida.

Natural Health Trends Corp. is an international direct-selling and e-commerce company operating through its subsidiaries throughout Asia, the Americas, and Europe. The Company markets premium quality personal care products under the NHT Global brand.
NiSource Inc. is one of the largest fully-regulated utility companies in the United States, serving approximately 3.2 million natural gas customers and 500,000 electric customers across six states through its local Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. Based in Merrillville, Indiana, NiSource's approximately 7,500 employees are focused on safely delivering reliable and affordable energy to our customers and communities we serve. NiSource is a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability - North America Index and the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index and has been named by Forbes magazine among America's Best Large Employers since 2016.
NiSource Inc. (Holding Company.) Dep Shs Repostg 1/1000th Perp Pfd Ser B
NICE Systems Ltd. provides software solutions that enable enterprises and security-sensitive organizations to prevent financial crimes and fraud, ensure security and public safety, and provide enhanced customer experiences. The company operates in three segments: Customer Interactions Solutions, Security Solutions, and Financial Crime and Compliance Solutions. Its customer interactions solutions transform the way organizations engage with their customers in communication channels and touch points; and helps organizations know their customers, take the next-best-action in real time, and engage employees to continuously enhance performance. The company provides customer interactions solutions for the communications, banking, insurance, health care, outsourcing, utilities, travel, and entertainment industries. It also offers security solutions that help organizations capture, analyze, and leverage Big Data to anticipate, manage, and mitigate security and safety risks, enhance operations, and ensure the safety of the general public. In addition, the company provides public safety solutions; physical security information management and situation management solutions; video surveillance and analytics solutions; and intelligence solutions to banks, utility companies, airports, seaports, city centers, transportation systems, and tourist attractions, as well as sporting events and diplomatic meetings. Further, it offers financial crime and compliance solutions, which include real-time and cross-channel fraud prevention, anti-money laundering, brokerage compliance, and enterprise-wide case management for financial institutions and government regulators. The company sells its solutions and products directly to customers, as well as indirectly through selected partners worldwide. NICE Systems Ltd. was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Ra'anana, Israel.
Nicholas Financial, Inc. is a specialized consumer finance company, operating branch-based model with offices across the United States. The Company engages primarily in acquiring and servicing automobile finance installment contracts (?€?Contracts?€?) for purchases of used and new automobiles and light trucks. Additionally, Nicholas Financial originates direct consumer loans (?€?Direct Loans?€?) and sells consumer-finance related products. For an index of Nicholas Financial, Inc?€?s new releases or to obtain a specific release, please visit our website at www.nicholasfinancial. Contact: Doug Marohn CEO Ph #?? (727)-726-0763
NINETOWNS INTERNET TECHNOLOGY GROUP CO LTD (Foreign)
NIO Inc. is a pioneer in China?€?s premium smart electric vehicle market. Founded in November 2014, NIO?€?s mission is to shape a joyful lifestyle. NIO aims to build a community starting with smart electric vehicles to share joy and grow together with users. NIO designs, jointly manufactures, and sells smart premium electric vehicles, driving innovations in next-generation technologies in connectivity, autonomous driving, and artificial intelligence. Redefining the user experience, NIO provides users with comprehensive and convenient power solutions, innovative Battery as a Service (BaaS) program, and other user-centric services. NIO began deliveries of the ES8, a 7-seater flagship premium electric SUV, in China in June 2018, and its variant, the 6-seater ES8, in March 2019. NIO officially launched the ES6, a 5-seater high-performance premium electric SUV, in December 2018 and began deliveries of the ES6 in June 2019. NIO officially launched the EC6, a 5-seater premium electric coupe SUV, in December 2019 and began deliveries of the EC6 in September 2020. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains statements that may constitute ?€?forward-looking?€? statements pursuant to the ?€?safe harbor?€? provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Hebron Technology Co., Ltd. provides innovative comprehensive solutions for governments, financial institutions, small and micro businesses, and individuals in China by integrating technology, industry, and finance. Through its subsidiaries, the Company provides fintech services, consulting services, business services, and intermediary services to clients in a variety of industries. Its innovations include an open fintech ecosystem for financial institutions, a government credit system, an efficient capital liquidity system for the agriculture sector, and financial advisory intermediary services. Hebron's technology-driven model deepens the link between industry and finance, serving the real economy and capturing opportunities in the new technology era.
Niu Technologies - ADR
New Jersey Resources is a Fortune 1000 company that, through its subsidiaries, provides safe and reliable natural gas and clean energy services, including transportation, distribution, asset management and home services. NJR is composed of five primary businesses: New Jersey Natural Gas, NJR?€?s principal subsidiary, operates and maintains over 7,500 miles of natural gas transportation and distribution infrastructure to serve over half a million customers in New Jersey?€?s Monmouth, Ocean, Morris, Middlesex and Burlington counties. NJR Clean Energy Ventures invests in, owns and operates solar projects with a total capacity of more than 350 megawatts, providing residential and commercial customers with low-carbon solutions. NJR Energy Services manages a diversified portfolio of natural gas transportation and storage assets and provides physical natural gas services and customized energy solutions to its customers across North America. NJR Midstream serves customers from local distributors and producers to electric generators and wholesale marketers through its ownership of Leaf River Energy Center and the Adelphia Gateway Pipeline Project, as well as our 50 percent equity ownership in the Steckman Ridge natural gas storage facility, and our 20 percent equity interest in the PennEast Pipeline Project. NJR Home Services provides service contracts as well as heating, central air conditioning, water heaters, standby generators, solar and other indoor and outdoor comfort products to residential homes throughout New Jersey. NJR and its more than 1,100 employees are committed to helping customers save energy and money by promoting conservation and encouraging efficiency through Conserve to Preserve?? and initiatives such as The SAVEGREEN Project?? and The Sunlight Advantage??.
NantKwest is an innovative, clinical-stage, immunotherapy company focused on harnessing the power of the innate immune system to treat cancer and infectious diseases. NantKwest is the leading producer of clinical dose forms of off-the-shelf natural killer (NK) cell therapies. The activated NK cell platform is designed to destroy cancer and virally-infected cells. The safety of these optimized, activated NK cells?€?as well as their activity against a broad range of cancers?€?has been tested in phase I clinical trials in Canada and Europe, as well as in multiple phase I and II clinical trials in the United States. By leveraging an integrated and extensive genomics and transcriptomics discovery and development engine, together with a pipeline of multiple, clinical-stage, immuno-oncology programs, NantKwest?€?s goal is to transform medicine by bringing novel NK cell-based therapies to routine clinical care. NantKwest is a member of the NantWorks ecosystem of companies.
NIKE, Inc. (NIKE) is engaged in the design, development and worldwide marketing and selling of footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories and services. NIKE is a seller of athletic footwear and athletic apparel worldwide. The Company sells its products to retail accounts, through NIKE-owned retail stores and Internet sales, and through a mix of independent distributors and licensees, in approximately 190 countries around the world. The Company focuses its product offerings in seven key categories: Running, Basketball, Football (Soccer), Men's Training, Women's Training, NIKE Sportswear (its sports-inspired products) and Action Sports. It also markets products designed for kids, as well as for other athletic and recreational uses, such as baseball, cricket, golf, lacrosse, outdoor activities, football (American), tennis, volleyball, walking and wrestling. In February 2013, it sold its Cole Haan affiliate brand to APAX Partners LLP.
Nikola Corporation is globally transforming the transportation industry. As a designer and manufacturer of zero-emission battery-electric and hydrogen-electric vehicles, electric vehicle drivetrains, vehicle components, energy storage systems, and hydrogen station infrastructure, Nikola is driven to revolutionize the economic and environmental impact of commerce as we know it today. Founded in 2015, Nikola Corporation is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona.
National Bankshares, Inc. (NBI) is a financial holding company. It conducts its operations through its wholly owned community bank subsidiary, the National Bank of Blacksburg (NBB). It also owns National Bankshares Financial Services, Inc. (NBFS), which does business as National Bankshares Insurance Services and National Bankshares Investment Services. NBB is community-oriented, and it offers a range of retail and commercial banking services to individuals, businesses, non-profits and local governments. As of December 31, 2011, the Bank operated 24 branch offices throughout southwest Virginia. Lending is focused at small and mid-sized businesses and at individuals. Loan types include commercial, agricultural, real estate, home equity and consumer. Merchant credit card services and business and consumer credit cards are available. Deposit accounts offered include demand deposit accounts, money market deposit accounts, savings accounts and certificates of deposit.
Nektar Therapeutics is a biopharmaceutical company with a robust, wholly owned R&D pipeline of investigational medicines in oncology, immunology and virology as well as a portfolio of approved partnered medicines. Nektar is headquartered in San Francisco, California, with additional operations in Huntsville, Alabama and Hyderabad, India.
Nkarta Inc Com
NL Industries, Inc. (NL) is a holding company. The Company operates in the component products industry through its majority-owned subsidiary, CompX International Inc. The Company operates in the chemicals industry through its non-controlling interest in Kronos Worldwide, Inc. As of December 31, 2011, it owned 87% interest in CompX International Inc and 30% interest in Kronos Worldwide, Inc. The Company also owns 100% of EWI RE, Inc., an insurance brokerage and risk management services company. CompX is a manufacturer of engineered components utilized in a variety of applications and industries. Kronos is a global producer and marketer of value-added titanium dioxide pigments. In July of 2011, CompX completed the acquisition of an ergonomic component products business.
NortonLifeLock Inc. is a global leader in consumer Cyber Safety. NortonLifeLock is dedicated to helping secure the devices, identities, online privacy, and home and family needs of more than 50 million consumers, providing them with a trusted ally in a complex digital world.
Nautilus, Inc. is the global leader in innovative home fitness solutions. The company's diverse brand portfolio includes Bowflex??, Nautilus?? and Schwinn??, and a broad selection of exercise bikes, cardio equipment and strength training products. Nautilus, Inc. utilizes technology to develop personalized, connected fitness solutions that empower and motivate people to live a healthy lifestyle. The company sells its products through direct and retail channels.
Nielsen Holdings plc is a global measurement and data analytics company that provides the most complete and trusted view available of consumers and markets worldwide. Nielsen is divided into two business units. Nielsen Global Media provides media and advertising industries with unbiased and reliable metrics that create a shared understanding of the industry required for markets to function. Nielsen Global Connect provides consumer packaged goods manufacturers and retailers with accurate, actionable information and insights and a complete picture of the complex and changing marketplace that companies need to innovate and grow. Our approach marries proprietary Nielsen data with other data sources to help clients around the world understand what's happening now, what's happening next, and how to best act on this knowledge. An S&P 500 company, Nielsen has operations in over 90 countries, covering more than 90% of the world's population.
Aquinox Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company discovering and developing novel therapeutics for conditions marked by inflammation, inflammatory pain, and blood cancers. About Neoleukin Therapeutics, Inc. Neoleukin is a privately-held biopharmaceutical company creating next generation immunotherapies using de novo protein design technology. Neoleukin uses sophisticated computational methods to design proteins that demonstrate specific pharmaceutical properties that provide potentially superior therapeutic benefit over native proteins. Neoleukin?€?s lead product candidate, NL-201, is a combined IL-2 and IL-15 agonist designed to eliminate alpha receptor binding.
Annaly is a leading diversified capital manager that invests in and finances residential and commercial assets. Annaly?€?s principal business objective is to generate net income for distribution to its stockholders and to optimize its returns through prudent management of its diversified investment strategies. Annaly is internally managed and has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, for federal income tax purposes.
Annaly Capital Management Inc Preferred Series D
Annaly Capital Management Inc 6.95% Series F
Annaly Capital Management Inc 6.50% Series G Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. is a global, seaborne shipping and logistics company focused on the transport and transshipment of drybulk commodities including iron ore, coal and grain.
Navios Maritime Containers LP - Unit
Nuveen Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund
New Mountain Finance Corporation is a closed-end, non-diversified and externally managed investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company?€?s investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation through the sourcing and origination of debt securities at all levels of the capital structure, including first and second lien debt, notes, bonds and mezzanine securities. The Company?€?s first lien debt may include traditional first lien senior secured loans or unitranche loans. Unitranche loans combine characteristics of traditional first lien senior secured loans as well as second lien and subordinated loans. Unitranche loans will expose the Company to the risks associated with second lien and subordinated loans to the extent it invests in the ?€?last out?€? tranche. In some cases, the investments may also include small equity interests. The Company?€?s investment activities are managed by its investment adviser, New Mountain Finance Advisers BDC, L.L.C., which is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended.
New Mountain Finance Corporation 5.75% Notes due 2023
NMI Holdings, Inc. is the parent company of National Mortgage Insurance Corporation (National MI), a U.S.-based, private mortgage insurance company enabling low down payment borrowers to realize home ownership while protecting lenders and investors against losses related to a borrower's default.
Niagara Mohawk Holdings Inc. Preferred Stock
Niagara Mohawk Holdings Inc. Preferred Stock
. Navios Maritime Partners L.P. is a publicly traded master limited partnership which owns and operates dry cargo vessels.

North Mountain Merger Corp
North Mountain Merger Corp - Warrants (01/01/9999)
Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. Sponsored ADR Representing 1/100th Perpetual Preferred Series G (Marshall Islands)
Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. Sponsored ADR Representing 1/100th Perp. Preferred Series H%
Nomura Holdings, Inc. provides various financial services to individuals, corporations, financial institutions, governments, and governmental agencies worldwide. The company operates through three divisions: Retail, Asset Management, and Wholesale. The Retail division provides a range of financial products and investment services for individuals and corporations. As of March 31, 2014, this division operated a network of approximately 159 branches. The Asset Management division is involved in the development and management of investment trusts ranging from low risk/low return products to high risk/high return products; and provides investment advisory services to public pensions, private pensions, governments and their agencies, central banks, and institutional investors. The Wholesale division is involved in the sale, trading, and market-making of fixed income and equity-related products. It is also engaged in underwriting a range of securities and other financial instruments, which include various stocks, convertible and exchangeable securities, investment grade debt, sovereign and emerging market debt, high yield debt, structured securities, and other securities; arranges private placements and is involved in other capital raising activities; and provides financial advisory services on business transactions, including mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, spin-offs, capital structuring, corporate defense activities, leveraged buyouts, and risk solutions. In addition, this division operates private equity business; and offers financial instruments, such as stocks, debt securities, investment trusts, and variable annuity insurance products for the short, medium, and long term. The company was formerly known as The Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. and changed its name to Nomura Holdings, Inc. in October 2001. Nomura Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1925 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
Nemaura Medical Inc. is a medical technology company developing and commercializing non-invasive wearable diagnostic devices. The company is currently commercializing sugarBEAT ?? and proBEAT???. sugarBEAT ??, a CE mark approved Class IIb medical device, is a non-invasive and flexible continuous glucose monitor (CGM) providing actionable insights derived from real time glucose measurements and daily glucose trend data, which may help people with diabetes and pre-diabetes to better manage, reverse, and prevent the onset of diabetes. Nemaura has submitted a PMA (Premarket Approval Application) for sugarBEAT ?? to the U.S. FDA. proBEAT??? combines non-invasive glucose data processed using artificial intelligence and a digital healthcare subscription service and is expected to be launched in the U.S. as a general wellness product. The Company sits at the intersection of the global Type 2 diabetes market that is expected to reach nearly $59 billion by 2025, the $50+ billion pre-diabetic market, and the wearable health-tech sector for weight loss and wellness applications that is estimated to reach $60 billion by 2023.
Newmark Group, Inc. ("Newmark Group") is a publicly traded company that, through subsidiaries, operates as a full-service commercial real estate services business with a complete suite of services and products for both owners and occupiers across the entire commercial real estate industry. Under the Newmark Knight Frank name, the investor/owner services and products of Newmark Group's subsidiaries include capital markets (comprised of investment sales and mortgage brokerage), agency leasing, property management, valuation and advisory, diligence and underwriting. Newmark Group's subsidiaries also offer government sponsored enterprise lending, loan servicing, debt and structured finance, and loan sales. Newmark Group's occupier services and products include tenant representation, global corporate services, real estate management technology systems, workplace and occupancy strategy, consulting, project management, lease administration and facilities management. Newmark Group enhances these services and products through innovative real estate technology solutions and data analytics designed to enable its clients to increase their efficiency and profits by optimizing their real estate portfolio. Newmark Group has relationships with many of the world's largest commercial property owners, real estate developers and investors, as well as Fortune 500 and Forbes Global 2000 companies. Newmark Group's Class A common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the ticker symbol "NMRK". Newmark is a trademark/service mark and/or registered trademark/service mark of Newmark Group and/or its affiliates. Knight Frank is a service mark of Knight Frank (Nominees) Limited. Find out more about Newmark at, https://twitter.com/newmarkkf, https://www.linkedin.com/company/newmark-knight-frank/, and/or http://ir.ngkf.com/investors/investors-home/default.aspx.
Monster Digital Inc
Navios Acquisition is an owner and operator of tanker vessels focusing on the transportation of petroleum products (clean and dirty) and bulk liquid chemicals.
NN, Inc., a diversified industrial company, combines advanced engineering and production capabilities with in-depth materials science expertise to design and manufacture high-precision components and assemblies for a variety of markets on a global basis. Headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, NN has 30 facilities in North America, Europe, South America, and China. Except for specific historical information, many of the matters discussed in this press release may express or imply projections of revenues or expenditures, statements of plans and objectives or future operations or statements of future economic performance.
Nano Dimension is a provider of??intelligent machines for the fabrication??of Additively Manufactured Electronics (AME). High fidelity active electronic and electromechanical subassemblies are integral enablers of autonomous intelligent??drones,??cars, satellites, smartphones, and in vivo medical devices. They necessitate iterative development, IP safety, fast time-to-market and device performance gains, thereby mandating AME for in-house, rapid??prototyping and??production. Nano Dimension machines serve cross-industry needs by depositing proprietary consumable conductive and dielectric??materials simultaneously, while concurrently integrating in-situ capacitors, antennas, coils, transformers and electromechanical components, to function at unprecedented performance. Nano Dimension bridges the gap between printed circuit board and semiconductor integrated circuits. A revolution at the click of a button: From computer-aided design (CAD) to a functional high-performance AME device in hours, solely at the cost of the consumable materials.
Nelnet Bank is an online bank that provides education lending products for students and families. Leveraging Nelnet's expertise from more than 40 years in student lending and servicing, Nelnet Bank serves diverse markets including students, young professionals, and higher education. The bank carries forward Nelnet's commitment to our communities by creating scholarships for low income students, providing local non-profit leadership, and other direct community development investments. Accounts are subject to approval. Nelnet Bank received an Industrial Loan Company (ILC) charter in 2020. Nelnet Bank, Member FDIC.
National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) is a fully integrated real estate investment trust (REIT). NNN's assets include real estate assets, mortgages and notes receivable, and commercial mortgage residual interests. NNN acquires, owns, invests in and develops properties that are leased to retail tenants under long-term net leases and primarily held for investment. As of December 31, 2011, NNN owned 1,422 Properties (including 11 properties with retail operations that NNN operates), with an aggregate gross leasable area of 16,428,000 square feet, located in 47 states. As of December 31, 2011, approximately 97% of the total properties in NNN's Property Portfolio were leased or operated.
National Retail Properties Depositary Shares Series F
Nano X Imaging Ltd
NanoViricides, Inc., a nano-biopharmaceutical company, discovers, develops, and commercializes therapeutics for the treatment of viral infections. The company is developing anti-influenza drug candidates at pre-clinical and advanced pre-clinical stage, which include two FluCide drugs comprising NV-INF-2, an oral anti-influenza drug and NV-INF-1, an injectable anti-influenza drug for novel strain of H7N9, Bird Flu H5N1, and other Highly Pathogenic Influenzas; and HIVCide, an anti-human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) drug candidate that could enable a functional cure for HIV/AIDS. It is also developing HerpeCide, a skin cream or gel formulation for the treatment of oral and genital herpes lesions; Nanoviricide anti-viral eye drops against external eye viral infections; DengueCide, a treatment against Dengue viruses; RabiCide, an anti-rabies nanoviricide; and Nanoviricide for the treatment of various strains of Ebola and Marburg filoviruses. The company has licenses to develop drugs for the treatment of human viral diseases, such as H5N1 (avian flu), human influenza, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV/AIDS), hepatitis B virus, hepatitis C virus, herpes simplex virus, and rabies; and dengue viruses, Japanese encephalitis virus, West Nile virus, viruses causing viral conjunctivitis and ocular herpes, and Ebola/Marburg viruses, as well as viral diseases of the eye comprising epidemic kerato-conjunctivitis and herpes keratitis. NanoViricides, Inc. was founded in 2005 and is based in West Haven, Connecticut.
North American Energy Partners Inc. (NAEPI) provides a range of heavy construction and mining and pipeline installation services to customers in the Canadian oil sands, industrial construction, commercial and public construction and pipeline construction markets. The Company's primary market is the Canadian oil sands, where it supports the customers' mining operations and capital projects. NAEPI provides services through all stages of an oil sands project's lifecycle, its core focus is on providing recurring services, such as contract mining, during the operational phase. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012 (fiscal 2012), recurring services represented 87% of the oil sands business. The Company's business segments include heavy construction and mining and pipeline. In July 2013, the Company announced that it has completed sale of its Piling businesses to Keller Group plc.
Natural Order Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord & 1 War)
Noah Holdings Limited, through its subsidiaries is a service provider focusing on distributing wealth management products to the high net worth population in the People's Republic of China (PRC). The Company provides direct access to China's high net worth population. Noah Holdings Limited is a holding company and it operates its business through its PRC subsidiary, Shanghai Noah Rongyao Investment Consulting Co., Ltd (Noah Rongyao), its variable interest entity, Shanghai Noah Investment Management Co., Ltd (Noah Investment), and their respective subsidiaries in China. While Noah Rongyao conducts most of the Company's businesses, it conducts its insurance brokerage business through Noah Investment and its subsidiaries. Its products choices consist of over-the-counter (OTC) products originated in China and designed to cater to the needs of high net worth population. Its registered clients were 12,353 as of June 30, 2010.
Northrop Grumman Corporation (Northrop Grumman) provides products, services, and integrated solutions in aerospace, electronics, information and services to its global customers. As of December 31, 2011, the Company operated in four segments: Aerospace Systems, Electronic Systems, Information Systems and Technical Services. The Company conducts most of its business with the United States Government, principally the Department of Defense (DoD) and intelligence community. It also conducts business with local, state, and foreign Governments and domestic and international commercial customers. Effective as of March 31, 2011, the company completed the spin-off of Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (HII). HII operates the Company's former shipbuilding business. In September 2012, it acquired M5 Network Security Pty Ltd.
NI Holdings, Inc. is an insurance holding company. The company is a North Dakota business corporation that is the stock holding company of Nodak Insurance Company and became such in connection with the conversion of Nodak Mutual Insurance Company from a mutual to stock form of organization and the creation of a mutual holding company. The conversion was consummated on March 13, 2017. Immediately following the conversion, all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Nodak Insurance Company were issued to Nodak Mutual Group, Inc., which then contributed the shares to NI Holdings in exchange for 55% of the outstanding shares of common stock of NI Holdings. Nodak Insurance Company then became a wholly-owned stock subsidiary of NI Holdings. Nodak Insurance Company owns American West Insurance Company and Primero Insurance Company. Nodak Insurance Company also manages Battle Creek Mutual Insurance Company and reinsures 100% of the risk on all insurance policies issued by Battle Creek. NI Holdings?€? financial statements are the consolidated financial results of NI Holdings, Direct Auto Insurance Company, and Nodak Insurance, including Nodak Insurance?€?s subsidiaries American West and Primero, and its affiliate Battle Creek.
Northern Oil and Gas, Inc., an independent energy company, engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of oil and natural gas properties in the United States. It primarily holds interest in the Bakken and Three Forks formations in the Williston Basin of North Dakota and Montana. As of December 31, 2014, the company owned working interests in 2,338 gross producing wells consisting of 2,337 wells targeting the Bakken and Three Forks formations, as well as 1 exploratory well targeting other formation; and had proved reserves of 100.7 million barrels of oil equivalent. Northern Oil and Gas, Inc. is based in Wayzata, Minnesota.
We create the technology to connect the world. We develop and deliver the industry's only end-to-end portfolio of network equipment, software, services and licensing that is available globally. Our customers include communications service providers whose combined networks support 6.1 billion subscriptions, as well as enterprises in the private and public sector that use our network portfolio to increase productivity and enrich lives. Through our research teams, including the world-renowned Nokia Bell Labs, we are leading the world to adopt end-to-end 5G networks that are faster, more secure and capable of revolutionizing lives, economies and societies. Nokia adheres to the highest ethical business standards as we create technology with social purpose, quality and integrity.
Nomad Foods is Europe?€?s leading frozen foods company. The company's portfolio of iconic brands, which includes Birds Eye, Findus, iglo, Aunt Bessie's and Goodfella's, have been a part of consumers' meals for generations, standing for great tasting food that is convenient, high quality and nutritious. Nomad Foods is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
National Oilwell Varco, Inc. is a provider of equipment and components used in oil and gas drilling and production operations, oilfield services, and supply chain integration services to the upstream oil and gas industry. The Company operates through three segments. Its Rig Technology segment designs, manufactures, sells and services complete systems for the drilling, completion, and servicing of oil and gas wells. Its Petroleum Services & Supplies segment provides a variety of consumable goods and services used to drill, complete, remediate and workover oil and gas wells and service drill pipe, tubing, casing, flowlines and other oilfield tubular goods. Its Distribution & Transmission segment provides maintenance, repair and operating supplies and spare parts to drill site and production locations worldwide. In July 2012, its subsidiary, NOV Distribution Services ULC, acquired CE Franklin Ltd. In February 2013, National Oilwell Varco Inc acquired Robbins & Myers Inc.
NOVAMED INC
NOVEN PHARMACEUTICALS INC
AppHarvest, a registered benefit corporation and Certified B Corp, is an applied technology company building some of the world?€?s largest indoor farms in Appalachia. The Company combines conventional agricultural techniques with cutting-edge technology and is addressing key issues including improving access for all to nutritious food, farming more sustainably, building a home-grown food supply, and increasing investment in Appalachia. The Company?€?s 60-acre Morehead, KY facility is among the largest indoor farms in the U.S
Novus Capital Corp Unit 1 Com & 34 Wt Exp 06302027
Novus Capital Corp Wt Exp 06302027

ServiceNow is making the world of work, work better for people. Our cloud?€?based platform and solutions deliver digital workflows that create great experiences and unlock productivity for employees and the enterprise.
Neenah Paper, Inc. (Neenah) has two primary operations: technical products business and fine papers business. The Company's technical products business is a producer of transportation and other filter media and coated substrates for industrial products backings and a variety of other end markets. The Company's technical products manufacturing facilities are located in Munising, Michigan and near Munich and Frankfurt, Germany. The Company's fine paper business is the supplier of writing, text and cover papers, bright papers and specialty papers in North America. The Company's writing, text, cover and specialty papers are used in commercial printing and imaging applications for corporate identity packages, invitations, personal stationery and corporate annual reports, as well as labels and packaging. On January 31, 2013, it purchased certain business paper brands from the Southworth Company.
New Providence Acquisition Corp Class A
New Providence Acquisition Corp Units 1 Ord Class A & 12 War
New Providence Acquisition Corp Wt Exp 09012024
National Presto Industries, Inc. (National Presto) operates through three business segments: Housewares/Small Appliance Segment, Defense Products Segment and Absorbent Products Segment. The Housewares/Small Appliance segment designs, markets and distributes housewares and small electrical appliances, including pressure cookers and canners, kitchen electrics, and comfort appliances. The Defense Products segment manufactures 40 millimeter ammunition, precision mechanical and electro-mechanical assemblies, medium caliber cartridge cases, performs Load, Assemble and Pack operations on ordnance-related products primarily for the United States Government and prime contractors, produces and sells a range of less-lethal products and support accessories, and provides training for the use of less-lethal products. The Absorbent Products segment manufactures and sells private label adult incontinence products and diapers. On November 1, 2011, it purchased the assets of ALS Technologies, Inc.
EnPro Industries, Inc. is a niche provider of precision components, solutions, and services with a well-diversified customer base.
NeoPhotonics is a leading developer and manufacturer of lasers and optoelectronic solutions that transmit, receive and switch high-speed digital optical signals for Cloud and hyper-scale data center internet content provider and telecom networks. The Company?€?s products enable cost-effective, high-speed over distance data transmission and efficient allocation of bandwidth in optical networks. NeoPhotonics maintains headquarters in San Jose, California and ISO 9001:2015 certified engineering and manufacturing facilities in Silicon Valley (USA), Japan and China.
Newpark Resources, Inc., is a diversified oil and gas supplier providing products and services primarily to the oil and gases exploration (E&P) industry. The Company operates in three segments: fluids systems and engineering, mats and integrated services, and environmental services. The Company's Fluids Systems and Engineering segment provides customized drilling fluids solutions to E&P customers globally, operating through four geographic regions: North America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), Latin America, and Asia Pacific. Its Mats and Integrated Services segment provides composite mat rentals, well site construction and related site services to oil and gas customers at well, production, transportation and refinery locations in the United States. Environmental Services segment processes and disposes of waste generated by E&P and industrial activity, primarily along the United States Gulf Coast. On December 31, 2012, it acquired operations of Alliance Drilling Fluids, LLC
Gemphire is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company that is committed to helping patients with cardiometabolic disorders, including dyslipidemia and NASH. The Company is focused on providing new treatment options for cardiometabolic diseases through its complementary, convenient, cost-effective product candidate gemcabene as add-on to the standard of care, especially statins that will benefit patients, physicians, and payors. Gemphire?€?s Phase 2 clinical program is evaluating the efficacy and safety of gemcabene in hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia and fatty liver disease, including FH, SHTG, NASH/NAFLD, and ASCVD. Two trials supporting hypercholesterolemia and one trial in SHTG have been completed under NCT02722408, NCT02634151 and NCT02944383, respectively.
National Research Corp
NexPoint Real Estate Finance, Inc., is a publicly traded REIT, with its shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "NREF" primarily focused on originating, structuring and investing in first mortgage loans, mezzanine loans, preferred equity and alternative structured financings in commercial real estate properties, as well as multifamily commercial mortgage backed securities.
At NRG, we?€?re bringing the power of energy to people and organizations by putting customers at the center of everything we do. We generate electricity and provide energy solutions and natural gas to more than 3.7 million residential, small business, and commercial and industrial customers through our diverse portfolio of retail brands. A Fortune 500 company, operating in the United States and Canada, NRG delivers innovative solutions while advocating for competitive energy markets and customer choice, and by working towards a sustainable energy future.
MicroSectors US Big Oil Index 3X Inverse Leveraged ETN
MicroSectors US Big Oil Index 2X Leveraged ETN
MicroSectors US Big Oil Index 3X Leveraged ETN
PIMCO Energy and Tactical Credit Opportunities Fund of Beneficial Interest
MicroSectors US Big Oil Index 2X Inverse Leveraged ETN
Northrim BanCorp, Inc. is the parent company of Northrim Bank, an Alaska-based community bank with 16 branches in Anchorage, the Matanuska Valley, Soldotna, Juneau, Fairbanks, Ketchikan, and Sitka, and a loan production office in Kodiak, serving 90% of Alaska?€?s population; and an asset based lending division in Washington; and a wholly-owned mortgage brokerage company, Residential Mortgage Holding Company, LLC. The Bank differentiates itself with its detailed knowledge of Alaska?€?s economy and its ?€?Customer First Service?€? philosophy. Pacific Wealth Advisors, LLC is an affiliated company of Northrim BanCorp.
Nurix Therapeutics is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of small molecule therapies designed to modulate cellular protein levels as a novel treatment approach for cancer and immune disorders. Leveraging Nurix?€?s extensive expertise in E3 ligases together with its proprietary DNA-encoded libraries, Nurix has built DELigase, an integrated discovery platform to identify and advance novel drug candidates targeting E3 ligases, a broad class of enzymes that can modulate proteins within the cell. Nurix?€?s drug discovery approach is to either harness or inhibit the natural function of E3 ligases within the ubiquitin proteasome system to selectively decrease or increase cellular protein levels. Nurix?€?s wholly owned pipeline comprises targeted protein degraders of Bruton?€?s tyrosine kinase, a B-cell signaling protein, and inhibitors of Casitas B-lineage lymphoma proto-oncogene-B, an E3 ligase that regulates T cell activation. Nurix is headquartered in San Francisco, California.
Natural Resource Partners L.P., through its subsidiaries, owns, manages, and leases mineral properties in the United States. It owns interests in coal, trona and soda ash, crude oil and natural gas, construction aggregates, frac sand, and other natural resources, as well as lime, potash, and rare earths. The company??s coal reserves are located in coal-producing regions: Appalachia, the Illinois Basin, and the Western United States, as well as lignite reserves in the Gulf Coast region; and oil and gas properties are located in the Williston Basin, the Appalachian Basin, Louisiana, and Oklahoma. The company owns and leases its reserves to mine operators in exchange for royalty payments; and owns and manages infrastructure assets. It also owns and leases preparation plants and related material handling materials to third parties; and owns handling and transportation infrastructure. NRP (GP) LP serves as the general partner of the company. Natural Resource Partners L.P. was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.
North European Oil Royalty Trust (the Trust) is a grantor trust, which on behalf of the owners of beneficial interest in the Trust, holds overriding royalty rights covering gas and oil production in certain concessions or leases in the Federal Republic of Germany. The rights are held under contracts with local German exploration and development subsidiaries of ExxonMobil Corp. (ExxonMobil) and the Royal Dutch/Shell Group of Companies (Royal Dutch/Shell Group). Under these contracts, the Trust receives various percentage royalties on the proceeds of the sales of certain products from the areas involved. As of October 31, 2011, royalties were received for sales of gas well gas, oil well gas, crude oil, distillate and sulfur. Neither the Trust nor the trustees on behalf of the Trust conduct any active business activities or operations. The function of the trustees is to monitor, verify, collect, hold, invest and distribute the royalty payments made to the Trust.
National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation 5500 Subordinated Notes due 2064 Subordinated Deferrable Interest Notes
New Residential Investment Corp.
New Residential Investment Corp FXDFR PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Ser C
NuStar Energy L.P., a publicly traded master limited partnership based in San Antonio, is one of the largest independent liquids terminal and pipeline operators in the nation. NuStar currently has approximately 9,900 miles of pipeline and 74 terminal and storage facilities that store and distribute crude oil, refined products and specialty liquids. The partnership?€?s combined system has approximately 74 million barrels of storage capacity, and NuStar has operations in the United States, Canada and Mexico.
Nustar Energy L.P. 8.50% Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units
Nustar Energy L.P. 7.625% Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units representing limited partner interests
Nustar Energy L.P. 9.00% Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units
National Storage Affiliates Trust is a real estate investment trust headquartered in Denver, Colorado, focused on the ownership, operation and acquisition of self storage properties located within the top 100 metropolitan statistical areas throughout the United States. As of June 30, 2020, the Company held ownership interests in and operated 784 self storage properties located in 35 states and Puerto Rico with approximately 49.2 million rentable square feet. NSA is one of the largest owners and operators of self storage properties among public and private companies in the United States.
National Storage Affiliates Trust 6.000% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest (Liquidation Preference $25.00 per share)
Norfolk Southern Corporation is one of the nation's premier transportation companies. Its Norfolk Southern Railway Company subsidiary operates approximately 19,500 route miles in 22 states and the District of Columbia, serves every major container port in the eastern United States, and provides efficient connections to other rail carriers. Norfolk Southern is a major transporter of industrial products, including chemicals, agriculture, and metals and construction materials. In addition, the railroad operates the most extensive intermodal network in the East and is a principal carrier of??coal, automobiles, and automotive parts. Non-GAAP Financial Measures This news release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures is provided in the table below, entitled "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures."
Capitol Investment Corp IV - Ordinary Shares - Class A

The National Security Group, Inc., through its property and casualty and life insurance subsidiaries, offers property, casualty, life, accident and health insurance in ten states. The Company primarily writes personal lines property coverage including specialty market dwelling fire and windstorm, homeowners and mobile homeowners lines of insurance. The Company also offers life, accident and health, supplemental hospital and cancer insurance products. The Company was founded in 1947 and is based in Elba, Alabama.
NavSight Holdings Inc - Class A
NavSight Holdings, Inc. is a newly organized blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. While the Company may pursue a business combination target in any business or industry, it intends to focus its search on identifying a prospective target business that provides expertise and technology to U.S. government customers in support of their national security, intelligence and defense missions.
NavSight Holdings Inc - Warrants (01/01/2030)
Insight Enterprises, Inc. (Insight) is a global provider of information technology (IT) solutions to businesses and public sector institutions. The Company is organized in three operating segments, which are North America, Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Asia-Pacific (APAC). It provides integrated solutions to its clients through its hardware, software and services offerings and efficient supply chain combined with skilled technology specialists and engineers with complex solutions such as virtualization, collaboration, security and cloud computing. With broad technical scope and capabilities, it offers a single source for its clients' diverse IT requirements. The Company assesses, designs, deploys and manages IT solutions to help our clients enable, manage and secure their IT environments.
Insperity??, a trusted advisor to America?€?s best businesses for more than 34 years, provides an array of human resources and business solutions designed to help improve business performance. Offering the most comprehensive suite of products and services available in the marketplace, Insperity delivers administrative relief, better benefits, reduced liabilities and a systematic way to improve productivity through its premier Workforce Optimization?? solution. Additional company offerings include Traditional Payroll and Human Capital Management, Time and Attendance, Performance Management, Organizational Planning, Recruiting Services, Employment Screening, Retirement Services and Insurance Services. With 2019 revenues of $4.3 billion, Insperity supports more than 100,000 businesses with over 2 million employees nationwide.
InspireMD seeks to utilize its proprietary MicroNet?? technology to make its products the industry standard for carotid stenting by providing outstanding acute results and durable stroke free long-term outcomes. InspireMD?€?s common stock is quoted on the NYSE American under the ticker symbol NSPR and certain warrants are quoted on the NYSE American under the ticker symbol NSPR.WS and NSPR.WSB.


NuStar Logistics, L.P. engages in the terminalling, storage, and transportation of petroleum products; the transportation of anhydrous ammonia; and the refining and marketing of petroleum. The company operates in three segments: Storage, Transportation, and Asphalt and Fuels Marketing. The Storage segment operates terminal and storage facilities that provide storage and handling services for petroleum products, specialty chemicals, crude oil and other feedstocks, and other liquids; and storage tanks that are used to store and deliver crude oil. This segment also provides various services, such as blending, filtering, pilotage, tug assistance, line handling, launch, emergency response, and other ship services. The Transportation segment transports refined petroleum products, crude oil, and anhydrous ammonia. The Asphalt and Fuels Marketing segment refines crude oil to produce asphalt and certain other refined products; and purchases crude oil and other refined petroleum products for resale. NuStar Logistics serves producers of crude oil, integrated oil companies, chemical companies, oil traders and refiners, farm cooperatives, railroads, and road and bridge construction companies. The company is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. NuStar Logistics, L.P. is a subsidiary of Nustar Energy L.P.
NAPCO Security Technologies, Inc. (NAPCO) is a manufacturer of security products, which include electronic locking devices, intrusion and fire alarms and building access control systems. These products are used for commercial, residential, institutional, industrial and governmental applications, and are sold worldwide principally to independent distributors, dealers and installers of security equipment.
NanoString Technologies is a leading provider of life science tools for translational research. The company?€?s nCounter?? Analysis System is used in life sciences research and has been cited in more than 3,800 peer-reviewed publications. The nCounter Analysis System offers a cost-effective way to easily profile the expression of hundreds of genes, proteins, miRNAs, or copy number variations, simultaneously with high sensitivity and precision, facilitating a wide variety of basic research and translational medicine applications, including biomarker discovery and validation. The company?€?s GeoMx Digital Spatial Profiler enables highly-multiplexed spatial profiling of RNA and protein targets in a variety of sample types, including FFPE tissue sections.
Nortech Systems is a leading provider of design and manufacturing solutions for complex electromedical devices, electromechanical systems, assemblies, and components. Nortech Systems primarily serves the medical, aerospace & defense, and industrial markets. Its design services span concept development to commercial design, and include medical device, software, electrical, mechanical, and biomedical engineering. Its manufacturing and supply chain capabilities are vertically integrated around wire/cable/interconnect assemblies, printed circuit board assemblies, as well as system-level assembly, integration, and final test. Headquartered in Maple Grove, Minn., Nortech currently has seven manufacturing locations and design centers across the U.S., Latin America, and Asia. Nortech Systems is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol NSYS. Nortech?€?s website is www.nortechsys.com.
NetApp is the leader in cloud data services, empowering global organizations to change their world with data. Together with our partners, we are the only ones who can help you build your unique data fabric. Simplify hybrid multicloud and securely deliver the right data, services and applications to the right people at the right time.


NETSCOUT SYSTEMS, INC. helps assure digital business services against disruptions in availability, performance, and security. Our market and technology leadership stems from combining our patented smart data technology with smart analytics. We provide real-time, pervasive visibility, and insights customers need to accelerate and secure their digital transformation. Our approach transforms the way organizations plan, deliver, integrate, test, and deploy services and applications. Our nGenius service assurance solutions provide real-time, contextual analysis of service, network, and application performance. Arbor security solutions help protect against DDoS attacks that threaten availability and advanced threats that infiltrate networks to steal critical business assets.
Intec Pharma??is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing drugs based on its proprietary Accordion Pill platform technology. The Company's Accordion Pill is an oral drug delivery system that is designed to improve the efficacy and safety of existing drugs and drugs in development by utilizing an efficient gastric retention and specific release mechanism. The Company's product pipeline includes two product candidates in clinical trial stages: Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa, or AP-CD/LD, which is in late-stage Phase 3 development for the treatment of Parkinson's disease symptoms in advanced Parkinson's disease patients, and AP-cannabinoids, an Accordion Pill to deliver either or both of the primary cannabinoids contained in Cannabis sativa, cannabidiol (CBD) and tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) for various pain indications.
NetEase, Inc. is a leading internet technology company based in China dedicated to providing premium online services centered around content, community, communication and commerce. NetEase develops and operates some of the most popular PC-client and mobile games in China and has been expanding rapidly into other international markets such as Japan and North America in more recent years. In addition to its self-developed game content, NetEase also operates some of the most popular international online games in China by partnering with Blizzard Entertainment, Mojang AB (a Microsoft subsidiary) and other global game developers. NetEase also offers other innovative services, including the intelligent learning services of its majority-controlled subsidiary, Youdao, music streaming and its private label e-commerce platform, Yanxuan.














NETGEAR, Inc. is a global networking company that delivers products to consumers, businesses and service providers. The Company operates in three business units: retail, commercial, and service provider. The retail business unit consists of home networking, storage and digital media products to connect users with the Internet and their content and devices. The commercial business unit consists of business networking, storage and security solutions. The service provider business unit consists of whole home networking solutions sold to service providers for sale to their customers. Its product line consists of wired and wireless devices that enable networking, broadband access, network connectivity, network storage and security appliances. In April 2013, it acquired select assets and operations of the Sierra Wireless, Inc. (Sierra Wireless) AirCard business.
Northern Technologies International Corporation develops and markets proprietary environmentally beneficial products and services in over 60 countries either directly or via a network of subsidiaries, joint ventures, independent distributors and agents. NTIC?€?s primary business is corrosion prevention marketed primarily under the ZERUST ?? brand. NTIC has been selling its proprietary ZERUST ?? rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services to the automotive, electronics, electrical, mechanical, military and retail consumer markets for over 40 years and in recent years has targeted and expanded into the oil and gas industry. NTIC offers worldwide on-site technical consulting for rust and corrosion prevention issues. NTIC?€?s technical service consultants work directly with the end users of NTIC?€?s products to analyze their specific needs and develop systems to meet their technical requirements. NTIC also markets and sells a portfolio of bio-based and biodegradable polymer resins and finished products marketed under the Natur-Tec ?? brand.
Network-1 Technologies, Inc., formerly Network-1 Security Solutions, Inc. is engaged in the acquisition, development, licensing and protection of the Company's intellectual property. As of December 31, 2011, the Company owned six patents issued by the United States Patent Office that relate to various telecommunications and data networking technologies and include, among other things, patents covering the delivery of power over Ethernet (PoE) cables for the purpose of remotely powering network devices, such as wireless access ports, Internet protocol (IP) phones and network based cameras, over Ethernet networks and systems and methods of transmission of audio, video and data over computer and telephony networks. In March 2013, the Company acquired patent portfolio in digital watermarking, content identification, digital rights management, and related technologies, covering advanced technologies relating to the identification and monetization of media content.
Intellia Therapeutics??is a leading genome editing company, focused on the development of proprietary, potentially curative therapeutics using the CRISPR/Cas9 system. Intellia believes the CRISPR/Cas9 technology has the potential to transform medicine by both producing therapeutics that permanently edit and/or correct disease-associated genes in the human body with a single treatment course, and creating enhanced engineered cells that can treat oncological and immunological diseases. Intellia?€?s combination of deep scientific, technical and clinical development experience, along with its leading intellectual property portfolio, puts it in a unique position to unlock broad therapeutic applications of the CRISPR/Cas9 technology and create new classes of therapeutic products.
NTN Buzztime, Inc. (Buzztime) is an interactive entertainment network. The Company provides media, advertising and consumer marketing services. The Company's games, as of December 31, 2011, were available in over 3,900 locations in the United States and Canada, where they are shown on approximately 20,000 screens daily. The Company has over 2.4 million registered users and over 52 million games is played each year. The Company generates revenues by charging subscription fees for its service to its Network Subscribers and also from the sale of advertising aired on in-venue screens, as well as in conjunction with customized games. Approximately 34% of the Company's Network Subscriber venues, as of December 31, 2011, were related to national and regional restaurants and includes Wild Wings, Black Angus, Hooters, Native New Yorker and Old Chicago. In October 2011, the Company acquired the Stump! Trivia hosted live trivia business. The Company offers a suite of Playmaker only games.
Nutanix is a global leader in cloud software and a pioneer in hyperconverged infrastructure solutions, making computing invisible anywhere. Organizations around the world use Nutanix software to leverage a single platform to manage any app at any location for their private, hybrid and multicloud environments.
We are a real estate developer and operator, mainly conducting business in Mainland China. Our main land resources are located in the Guangdong -Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area ("Greater Bay Area") and Wuxi, China, of which the three plots in Shenzhen will be developed into Nam Tai Inno Park, Nam Tai Technology Center and Nam Tai Inno Valley. We plan to build these technology parks into landmark parks in the region and provide high-quality industrial offices, industrial service spaces and supporting dormitories to the tenants. Based on the experience of developing and operating technology parks and an industrial relationship network accumulated over the past 40 years, we have also exported the operation model of technology parks to other industrial properties. Through an asset-light model, we have leased industrial properties for repositioning and business invitation. We will also expand the commercial and residential property business in China as an auxiliary development strategy of the Company. As the growth prospects of China maintain, we shall seize development opportunities in the Greater Bay Area and other first- and second-tier cities in China, and continue to strengthen and expand the business of industrial real estate, and commercial and residential properties. Nam Tai Property Inc. is a corporation registered in the British Virgin Islands and listed on the New York Stock Exchange (Symbol: "NTP"). Please refer to our corporate website ( www.namtai.com ) or the SEC website ( www.sec.gov ) for our press releases and financial statements.
Nutrien Ltd
Natera is a global leader in cell-free DNA testing. The mission of the company is to change the management of disease worldwide with a focus on women's health, oncology, and organ health. Natera operates an ISO 13485-certified and CAP-accredited laboratory certified under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) in San Carlos, Calif. It offers proprietary genetic testing services to inform obstetricians, transplant physicians, oncologists, and cancer researchers, including biopharmaceutical companies, and genetic laboratories through its cloud-based software platform.
Neurotrope is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company working to develop novel therapies for neurodegenerative diseases. Neurotrope has conducted clinical and preclinical studies of its lead therapeutic candidate, Bryostatin-1, and other activators of PKC epsilon in AD, and preclinical studies for stroke, traumatic brain injury, and rare diseases, including Fragile X syndrome. Pre-clinical studies of Bryostatin in other laboratories have included multiple sclerosis, autistic spectrum disorders, and Niemann-Pick Type C disease. The FDA has granted Orphan Drug Designation to Neurotrope for Bryostatin-1 as a treatment for Fragile X syndrome. Bryostatin-1 has already undergone testing in more than 1,500 people in cancer studies, thus creating a large safety data base that will further inform clinical trial designs. Neurotrope has entered into a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which Metuchen Pharmaceuticals, L.L.C. and Neurotrope have agreed to merge in an all-stock transaction resulting in a newly formed holding company focused on men's health conditions, which will be named Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Petros").
Northern Trust Corporation is a leading provider of wealth management, asset servicing, asset management and banking to corporations, institutions, affluent families and individuals. Founded in Chicago in 1889, Northern Trust has a global presence with offices in 22 U.S. states and Washington, D.C., and across 22 locations in Canada, Europe, the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific region. As of September 30, 2020, Northern Trust had assets under custody/administration of US$13.1 trillion, and assets under management of US$1.3 trillion. For more than 130 years, Northern Trust has earned distinction as an industry leader for exceptional service, financial expertise, integrity and innovation. Please visit our website or follow us on Twitter. Northern Trust Corporation, Head Office: 50 South La Salle Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603 U.S.A., incorporated with limited liability in the U.S. Please read our global and regulatory information.
Northern Trust Corp. PRF PERPETUAL USD DpSh Rp11000th Sr E
DELISTED - NETSMART TECHNOLOGIES INC
Natus is a leading provider of medical device solutions focused on the diagnosis and treatment of central nervous and sensory system disorders for patients of all ages.
NetSol Technologies, Inc. (NetSol) is a provider of information technology (IT) and enterprise application solutions. The Company is organized into two main revenue areas, consisting of enterprise solutions: NetSol Financial Suite (NFS) for the global financing, leasing and lending industry, and a portfolio of managed services, including customized application development, systems integration, and business process engineering. In addition, NetSol's solutions portfolio includes the smartOCI, e-Procurement search engine for SAP SRM users. The Company maintains services, solutions and/or sales specific offices in Australia, China, Thailand, and Pakistan and through alliances in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Japan. NetSol's clients include Dow-Jones 30 Industrials and Fortune 500 manufacturers and financial institutions, global vehicle manufacturers, and enterprise technology providers.
Natuzzi S.p.A. (Natuzzi) is primarily engaged in the design, manufacture and marketing of contemporary and traditional leather and fabric-upholstered furniture, principally sofas, loveseats, armchairs, sectional furniture, motion furniture and sofa beds, and living room accessories. It sells its Natuzzi furniture principally through franchised Divani & Divani by Natuzzi and Natuzzi furniture stores. As of March 31, 2010, Natuzzi sells its furniture in various locations, which include 124 Divani & Divani by Natuzzi and 174 Natuzzi stores, of which 56 are directly owned by the Company; eight outlets, and 17 concessions in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland. As of March 31, 2010, there were 430 Natuzzi galleries worldwide (store-in-store concept managed by independent partners). As of March 31, 2010, Natuzzi operated six production facilities in Italy and three warehouses (one for leather, one for finished goods and one for accessories).
Nuance Communications is a technology pioneer with market leadership in conversational AI and ambient intelligence. A full-service partner trusted by 90 percent of US hospitals and 85 percent of the Fortune 100 companies worldwide, Nuance creates intuitive solutions that amplify people's ability to help others. Trademark reference: Nuance and the Nuance logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of Nuance Communications, Inc. or its affiliates in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks referenced herein are the property of their respective owners.
Nucor and its affiliates are manufacturers of steel and steel products, with operating facilities in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Products produced include: carbon and alloy steel -- in bars, beams, sheet and plate; hollow structural section tubing; electrical conduit; steel piling; steel joists and joist girders; steel deck; fabricated concrete reinforcing steel; cold finished steel; precision castings; steel fasteners; metal building systems; steel grating; and wire and wire mesh. Nucor, through The David J. Joseph Company, also brokers ferrous and nonferrous metals, pig iron and hot briquetted iron / direct reduced iron; supplies ferro-alloys; and processes ferrous and nonferrous scrap. Nucor is North America's largest recycler.
NeuroMetrix, Inc. (NeuroMetrix) is a medical device company focused on the diagnosis and treatment of the neurological complications of diabetes. The Company is in the position to address these unmet needs through the development of medical devices. The Company intends to advance its objectives in the diabetic neuropathy market include: Driving Commercial Adoption of Products for Diabetic Neuropathy in the United States. The Company develops and market neurodiagnostic systems, which typically consists of a medical device plus single patient-use biosensors or electrodes.The Company's NC-stat DPNCheck consists of an electronic hand-held device and a single patient use biosensor. More than 1.7 million patient studies have been performed using the Company's NC-stat technology and there have been approximately 6.3 million nerve tests, including nearly 700,000 sural nerve tests.
Founded 35 years ago, Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (NSE) empowers innovative companies to change the world with sustainable solutions, opportunities, technologies, and life-improving values. The company currently focuses its efforts around innovative consumer products, product manufacturing and automated controlled environment agriculture technology. The NSE family of companies includes Nu Skin, which develops and distributes a comprehensive line of premium-quality beauty and wellness solutions through a global network of sales leaders in Asia, the Americas, Europe, Africa and the Pacific; and a collection of manufacturing and technology innovation companies. Nu Skin Enterprises is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "NUS."
NuVasive, Inc.?? is the leader in spine technology innovation, with a mission to transform surgery, advance care, and change lives. The Company's less invasive, procedurally integrated surgical solutions are designed to deliver reproducible and clinically proven outcomes. The Company's comprehensive procedural portfolio includes access, implants and fixation systems, biologics, software for surgical planning, navigation and imaging solutions, magnetically adjustable implant systems for spine and orthopedics, and intraoperative monitoring service offerings. With more than??$1 billion??in net sales,??NuVasive??has approximately 2,800 employees and operates in more than 50 countries serving surgeons, hospitals and patients.
Nuzee Inc
Novavax, Inc.?€? is a late-stage biotechnology company that promotes improved health globally through the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative vaccines to prevent serious infectious diseases. Novavax?€?is currently conducting multiple clinical trials for NVX-CoV2373, its vaccine candidate against the virus that causes COVID-19, including a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial in the United Kingdom to evaluate the efficacy, safety and immunogenicity in individuals aged 18-84 years of age. NanoFlu???, its quadrivalent influenza nanoparticle vaccine, met all primary objectives in its pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial in older adults. Both candidate vaccines incorporate Novavax?€? proprietary saponin-based Matrix-M??? adjuvant to enhance the immune response and stimulate high levels of neutralizing antibodies. Novavax?€?is a leading innovator of recombinant vaccines; its proprietary recombinant technology platform combines the power and speed of genetic engineering to efficiently produce highly immunogenic nanoparticles in order to address urgent global health needs.
Neovasc is a specialty medical device company that develops, manufactures and markets products for the rapidly growing cardiovascular marketplace. The Company is a leader in the development of minimally invasive transcatheter mitral valve replacement technologies, and minimally invasive devices for the treatment of refractory angina. Its products include the Neovasc Reducer???, for the treatment of refractory angina, which is not currently commercially available in the United States (2 U.S. patients have been treated under Compassionate Use) and has been commercially available in Europe since 2015, and Tiara???, for the transcatheter treatment of mitral valve disease, which is currently under clinical investigation in the United States, Canada, Israel and Europe.
NovoCure Ltd
NVIDIA?€?s invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI ?€? the next era of computing ?€? with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world.
NVE Corporation is engaged in the development and sale of devices that use spintronics, a nanotechnology, which relies on electron spin rather than electron charge to acquire, store, and transmit information. The company manufactures spintronic products, including sensors and couplers for use in acquiring and transmitting data. Its products comprise standard sensors to detect the presence of a magnetic or metallic material to determine position or speed primarily for factory automation market; and custom and medical sensors for medical devices to replace electromechanical magnetic switches. The company also offers spintronic couplers, such as passive-input couplers, high-speed couplers, and isolated network couplers. In addition, it licenses the spintronic magnetoresistive random access memory technology to store data, as well as conducts contract research and development activities. The company sells its products through distributors primarily in the United States, Europe, Asia, and other regions. NVE Corporation was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Eden Prairie, Minnesota.
No Description Available
Nova LifeStyle, Inc. and its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, markets, and sells residential furniture for middle and upper middle-income consumers worldwide. It develops upholstered, wood, and metal-based residential furniture for the living, dining, and bed rooms, as well as for home offices. The company??s product portfolio comprises sofas, chairs, dining tables, beds, entertainment consoles, cabinets, and cupboards. It offers its products under the Diamond Sofa, Colorful World, Giorgio Mobili, and Bright Swallow brands. The company sells its products through franchise stores, as well as to unaffiliated retail stores and distributors in China; and to furniture distributors and retailers in the United States and internationally. It also operates an online store in China. As of December 31, 2014, the company operated 39 franchise stores in China. Nova Lifestyle, Inc. is headquartered in Commerce, California.
Navigator Holdings Ltd. owns and operates a fleet of liquefied gas carriers worldwide. It provides international and regional seaborne transportation services of liquefied petroleum gas, petrochemical gases, and ammonia for energy companies, industrial users, and commodity traders. As of December 31, 2014, the company owned and operated 26 gas carriers, including 20 semi-refrigerated vessels and 6 fully-refrigerated vessels. Navigator Holdings Ltd. was founded in 1997 and is based in London, the United Kingdom.
InVivo Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on redefining the treatment of spinal cord injury. InVivo?€?s proprietary and investigational Neuro-Spinal Scaffold, based on technology licensed from Robert S. Langer?€?s lab at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, is in pivotal clinical studies for acute spinal cord injury. The company is headquartered in Cambridge, MA. For more details, visit www.invivotherapeutics.com.
Nova Measuring Instruments Ltd. (Nova) is a worldwide designer, developer and producer of integrated process control metrology systems and design, manufacture and sell metrology used in the manufacturing process of semiconductors. As of December 31, 2011, the Company has sold more than 2,500 metrology systems. Its suite of technological capabilities includes Broadband Spectrophotometry, Scatterometry and Imaging and image processing. The Company's products include metrology systems for thin film measurement in chemical mechanical polishing and chemical vapor deposition applications, optical CD and Metal Line Thickness (MLT) systems for use in post-copper chemical mechanical polishing applications and optical critical dimension systems for lithography and etch applications. Its integrated thickness monitoring system for chemical mechanical polishing process control enables wafer-to-wafer closed loop control.
Novo Nordisk, a global healthcare company based in Denmark, has been committed to discovering and developing innovative medicines to help people living with diabetes lead longer, healthier lives for 95 years. This heritage has given us experience and capabilities that also enable us to help people defeat other serious diseases including obesity, hemophilia and growth disorders. We remain steadfast in our conviction that the formula for success is to stay focused, think long term and do business in a financially, socially and environmentally responsible way. In the US, Novo Nordisk employs nearly 6,000 people across affiliate companies and production and research facilities in six states. About Novo Nordisk Inc. (NNI): NNI is a US affiliate of Novo Nordisk. NNI is a US affiliate of Novo Nordisk. The company is based in Plainsboro, NJ and is responsible for commercialization of Novo Nordisk brands in the US and management of clinical trials in the US. For more information, visit novonordisk.us, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. About Novo Nordisk Pharma, Inc. (NNPI): Novo Nordisk Pharma, Inc. (NNPI) is a newly established Novo Nordisk A/S US company that is also based in Plainsboro, NJ. (NNPI): Novo Nordisk Pharma, Inc. (NNPI) is a newly established Novo Nordisk A/S US company that is also based in Plainsboro, NJ. The company was formed in March 2019 to bring follow-on brands of Novo Nordisk insulin products at a reduced list price for people facing affordability challenges. SOURCE Novo Nordisk Inc. and Novo Nordisk Pharma, Inc. Related Links http://novonordisk.us
NVR, Inc. (NVR) is a homebuilder in the United States. The Company is engaged in the construction and sale of single-family detached homes, townhomes and condominium buildings. To serve customers of its homebuilding operations, NVR also operates a mortgage banking and title services business. It conducts its homebuilding activities directly. Its mortgage banking operations are operated primarily through a wholly owned subsidiary, NVR Mortgage Finance, Inc. (NVRM). Its homebuilding operations include the construction and sale of single-family detached homes, townhomes and condominium buildings under four trade names: Ryan Homes, NVHomes, Fox Ridge Homes and Rymarc Homes. The Ryan Homes, Fox Ridge Homes, and Rymarc Homes products are marketed primarily to first-time homeowners and first-time move-up buyers. The Ryan Homes product was sold in 25 metropolitan areas as of December 31, 2011. On December 31, 2012, the Company acquired all the assets of Heartland Homes Inc.
Headquartered in Redwood City, California, Nevro is a global medical device company focused on providing innovative products that improve the quality of life of patients suffering from debilitating chronic pain. Nevro has developed and commercialized the Senza spinal cord stimulation (SCS) system, an evidence-based, non-pharmacologic neuromodulation platform for the treatment of chronic pain. HF10 therapy has demonstrated the ability to reduce or eliminate opioids in ???65% of patients across six peer-reviewed clinical studies. The Senza ?? System, Senza II??? System, and the Senza ?? Omnia??? System??are the only SCS systems that deliver Nevro's proprietary HF10 ?? therapy. Senza, Senza II, Senza Omnia, HF10, Nevro and the Nevro logo are trademarks of Nevro Corp. To learn more about Nevro, connect with us on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
The Novartis US Foundation is a 501(c)(3) charitable foundation established by Novartis to support philanthropic efforts in the United States. The mission of the Novartis US Foundation is to improve health in underserved communities in the United States by creating innovative and sustainable solutions to expand access to healthcare and build trust within the healthcare system. We do this by supporting sustainable programs and partnerships that strengthen health systems, eliminate barriers to quality health services, and enhance local communities. About Novartis Located in East Hanover, NJ Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation ?€? an affiliate of Novartis ?€? is reimagining medicine to improve and extend people's lives. Located in East Hanover, NJ Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation ?€? an affiliate of Novartis ?€? is reimagining medicine to improve and extend people's lives. As a leading global medicines company, we use innovative science and digital technologies to create transformative treatments in areas of great medical need. In our quest to find new medicines, we consistently rank among the world's top companies investing in research and development. Novartis employs about 15,000 people in the United States.
NEVSTAR GAMING & ENTERTAINMENT CORP
nVent Electric plc, (?€?nVent?€?) with a principal office in London, England, and U.S. management office in Minneapolis, Minn., is a global leader of inventive electrical solutions that connect and protect customers by creating safer systems to ensure a more secure world. The nearly 9,000 employees worldwide design, manufacture and distribute electrical enclosures, electric heat tracing solutions, complete heat management systems, and electrical and fastening solutions. In 2018, nVent became an independent, publicly traded company (NYSE: NVT) after separating from Pentair plc (?€?Pentair?€?). Its robust portfolio of leading electrical product brands dates back more than 100 years and includes nVent CADDY, ERICO, HOFFMAN, RAYCHEM, SCHROFF and TRACER.
Invitae Corporation is a leading medical genetics company, whose mission is to bring comprehensive genetic information into mainstream medicine to improve healthcare for billions of people. Invitae's goal is to aggregate the world's genetic tests into a single service with higher quality, faster turnaround time, and lower prices.
Novus Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical stage biotechnology company using its expertise in targeting the CD40L pathway to develop potential treatments for people requiring an organ or cell-based transplant, and for people with autoimmune and neurodegenerative disease.
Northwest Bancshares, Inc. is a savings and loan holding company. The primary activity of the Company is the ownership of all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Northwest Savings Bank, a chartered savings bank (Northwest). As of December 31, 2012, Northwest Savings Bank operated 165 community-banking offices throughout its market area in central and western Pennsylvania, western New York, eastern Ohio and Maryland. The Company operates in two segments: Community Banking and Consumer Finance. The Community Banking segment includes its savings bank subsidiary, Northwest Savings Bank, as well as the subsidiaries of the savings bank that provide similar products and services. The Consumer Finance segment is comprised of Northwest Consumer Discount Company, a subsidiary of Northwest Savings Bank.
NWE ) NorthWestern provides electricity and / or natural gas to approximately 734,800 customers in Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska. We have generated and distributed electricity in South Dakota and distributed natural gas in South Dakota and Nebraska since 1923 and have generated and distributed electricity and distributed natural gas in Montana since 2002.
Norwood Financial Corp is the parent company of Wayne Bank, which operates from fifteen offices throughout Northeastern Pennsylvania and twelve offices in the Southern Tier of New York. The Company?€?s stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol ?€?NWFL?€?.
The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc, through its subsidiaries, provides banking and financial products and services to personal, commercial, corporate, and institutional customers worldwide. The company??s UK Personal & Business Banking segment offers a range of banking products and related financial services to the personal and small business market through a network of branches and ATMs in the United Kingdom, as well as through telephony, online, and mobile channels. Its Ulster Bank segment provides loan and deposit products through a network of branches and direct channels; and services to businesses and corporate customers in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. The company??s Commercial Banking segment offers banking, finance, and risk management services to commercial, mid-corporate, and corporate sectors in the United Kingdom through a network of relationship managers, and telephone and Internet channels. Its product range includes invoice finance through the RBSIF brand and asset finance through the Lombard brand. The company??s Private Banking segment provides banking and wealth management services in the United Kingdom; and offshore banking services. Its Corporate & Institutional Banking segment offers debt financing, risk management, and trade services to corporate and institutional clients primarily in the United Kingdom and Western Europe, as well as in the United States and Asia. The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc was founded in 1727 and is headquartered in Edinburgh, the United Kingdom.
NWHM is a new generation homebuilder focused on the design, construction and sale of innovative and consumer-driven homes in major metropolitan areas within select growth markets in California and Arizona, including Southern California, the San Francisco Bay area, metro Sacramento and the greater Phoenix area. The Company is headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California.
Newell Rubbermaid Inc. is a global marketer of consumer and commercial products. The Company's products are marketed under a portfolio of brands, including Rubbermaid, Levolor, Goody, Calphalon, Sharpie, Paper Mate, Parker, Waterman, Irwin, Lenox, Graco, Aprica and Dymo. The Company's segments and the brands included in each of the six business segments includes Home Solutions, which includes Rubbermaid, Calphalon, Levolor, Kirsch and Goody; Writing, which includes Sharpie, Paper Mate, Expo, Prismacolor, Parker and Waterman; Tools, which include Irwin and Lenox tools, and Dymo Industrial; Commercial Products, which include Rubbermaid Commercial Products and Rubbermaid Healthcare; Baby & Parenting, which include Graco, Aprica and Teutonia, and Specialty, which include Dymo Office and Endicia. In September 2013, Newell Rubbermaid Inc closed the sale of its Hardware business, which includes the Amerock, Ashland, Bulldog and Shur-Line brands, to Nova Capital.
National Western Life Insurance Company operate as a stock life insurance company in the United States and internationally. The company operates through Domestic Life Insurance, International Life Insurance, and Annuities segments. It provides life insurance products for the savings and protection needs of approximately 126,700 policyholders; and for the asset accumulation and retirement needs of 139,100 annuity contract holders. The company offers a portfolio life products, such as universal life insurance, interest-sensitive whole life, and traditional products comprises term insurance coverage; and annuity products, including flexible premium and single premium deferred annuities, equity-indexed annuities, and single premium immediate annuities. It also engages in small real estate, nursing home, and other investment activities. The company markets and distributes its insurance products primarily through independent national marketing organizations. National Western Life Insurance Company was founded in 1956 and is based in Austin, Texas.
Northwest Natural Gas Company (NW Natural) operates in two business segments: Local Gas Distribution and Gas Storage. The Company maintains operations in Oregon, Washington and California and conducts businesses through NW Natural, its subsidiaries and joint ventures. The Company is principally engaged in the distribution of natural gas in Oregon and southwest Washington. The Company's gas storage segment primarily consists of two underground natural gas storage facilities: NON-UTILITY MIST and GILL RANCH. It provides gas storage services to customers in the interstate and intrastate markets from its Mist gas storage facilities located in Columbia County, Oregon, near the town of Mist. Gill Ranch Storage, LLC (Gill Ranch), the Company's subsidiary, has a joint project agreement with Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) to develop and own the Gill Ranch underground natural gas storage facility near Fresno, California.
Founded in 1966, Northwest Pipe Company is a leading manufacturer for water related infrastructure products. In addition to being the largest manufacturer of engineered steel water pipeline systems in North America, the Company produces high-quality precast and reinforced concrete products, Permalok?? steel casing pipe, bar-wrapped concrete cylinder pipe, as well as custom linings, coatings, joints, and one of the largest offerings of fittings and specialized components. Northwest Pipe Company provides solution-based products for a wide range of markets including water transmission and infrastructure, water and wastewater plant piping, structural stormwater and sewer systems, trenchless technology, and piping rehabilitation. Strategically positioned to meet growing water and wastewater infrastructure needs, the Company is headquartered in Vancouver, Washington, and has manufacturing facilities across North America.
News Corporation is a diversified media and information services company. The Company operates in five segments: News and Information Services, Cable Network Programming, Digital Real Estate Services, Book Publishing, and Other. The Company's business consists of range of media, including news and information services, sports programming in Australia, digital real estate services, book publishing, and pay-television (TV) distribution in Australia, that are distributed under the brands, including The Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones, Herald Sun, The Sun, The Times, HarperCollins Publishers, FOX SPORTS Australia and realestate.com.au. The Company is a developing provider of digital education content, assessment and delivery services. The Company's business component includes News and Information Services, Cable Network Programming, Digital Real Estate Services, Book Publishing, Amplify and Foxtel.
News Corporation is a diversified media and information services company. The Company operates in five segments: News and Information Services, Cable Network Programming, Digital Real Estate Services, Book Publishing, and Other. The Company's business consists of range of media, including news and information services, sports programming in Australia, digital real estate services, book publishing, and pay-television (TV) distribution in Australia, that are distributed under the brands, including The Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones, Herald Sun, The Sun, The Times, HarperCollins Publishers, FOX SPORTS Australia and realestate.com.au. The Company is a developing provider of digital education content, assessment and delivery services. The Company's business component includes News and Information Services, Cable Network Programming, Digital Real Estate Services, Book Publishing, Amplify and Foxtel.
Quanex Building Products Corporation is an industry-leading manufacturer of components sold to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) in the building products industry. Quanex designs and produces energy-efficient fenestration products in addition to kitchen and bath cabinet components.
Nuveen Arizona Dividend Advantage Municipal Fund 3 (the Fund) is a closed-ended fund. The Fund seeks to provide monthly tax-free income, portfolio diversification and after tax total returns. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide current income exempt from regular federal and Arizona income tax and to enhance portfolio value. The Fund invests its net assets in a portfolio of municipal bonds that are exempt from regular federal and Arizona income taxes. The Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets in investment-grade quality municipal bonds, which may include municipal bonds that are rated investment grade by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating organization and lower by another. The Fund may invest up to 20% of its net assets in municipal bonds that are rated Ba/BB or B or that are unrated but judged to be of comparable quality by the Funds investment adviser. The Fund uses leverage. The Fund's investment advisor is Nuveen Fund Advisors, Inc.
NextGen Healthcare, Inc. is a leading provider of ambulatory-focused technology solutions. We are empowering the transformation of ambulatory care?€?partnering with medical, behavioral and oral health providers in their journeys to value-based care to make healthcare better for everyone. We go beyond EHR and PM. Our integrated solutions help increase clinical productivity, enrich the patient experience, and ensure healthy financial outcomes. We believe in better.
NXP Semiconductors N.V. enables secure connections for a smarter world, advancing solutions that make lives easier, better, and safer. As the world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications, NXP is driving innovation in the automotive, industrial & IoT, mobile, and communication infrastructure markets. Built on more than 60 years of combined experience and expertise, the company has approximately 29,000 employees in more than 30 countries and posted revenue of $8.88 billion in 2019. Find out more at www.nxp.com.
NexPoint Residential Trust, Inc. is a publicly traded REIT, with its shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "NXRT," primarily focused on acquiring, owning and operating well-located middle-income multifamily properties with "value-add" potential in large cities and suburban submarkets of large cities, primarily in the Southeastern and Southwestern United States. NXRT is externally advised by NexPoint Real Estate Advisors, L.P., an affiliate of NexPoint Advisors, L.P., an SEC-registered investment advisor, which has extensive real estate experience.
Nexstar Media Group is a leading diversified media company that leverages localism to bring new services and value to consumers and advertisers through its traditional media, digital and mobile media platforms. Nexstar owns, operates, programs or provides sales and other services to 197 television stations and related digital multicast signals reaching 115 markets or nearly 39% of all U.S. television households. Nexstar?€?s portfolio includes primary affiliates of NBC, CBS, ABC, FOX, MyNetworkTV and The CW. Nexstar?€?s community portal websites offer additional hyper-local content and verticals for consumers and advertisers, allowing audiences to choose where, when and how they access content while creating new revenue opportunities.
Nextcure Inc Ordinary Shares
Nxt-ID, Inc. provides technology products and services for healthcare applications. The Company has extensive experience in access control, biometric and behavior-metric identity verification, security and privacy, encryption and data protection, payments, miniaturization and sensor technologies. Through its subsidiary, LogicMark LLC, Nxt-ID, Inc. is a manufacturer and distributor of non-monitored and monitored personal emergency response systems sold through dealers/distributors and the United States Department of Veterans Affairs.
New York City REIT Inc - Class A
Based in Westbury, NY, New York Community Bancorp, Inc. is a leading producer of multi-family loans on non-luxury, rent-regulated apartment buildings in New York City, and the parent of New York Community Bank. At June 30, 2020, the Company reported assets of $54.2 billion, loans of $42.4 billion, deposits of $31.7 billion, and stockholders' equity of $6.7 billion. Reflecting our growth through a series of acquisitions, the Company operates 237 branches through eight local divisions, each with a history of service and strength: Queens County Savings Bank, Roslyn Savings Bank, Richmond County Savings Bank, Roosevelt Savings Bank, and Atlantic Bank in New York ; Garden State Community Bank in New Jersey ; Ohio Savings Bank in Ohio ; and AmTrust Bank in Florida and Arizona.
New York Community Bancorp Inc. Depositary shares Series A
New York Community Bancorp Inc. Capital Tr V (BONUSES)
New York Mortgage Trust, Inc. is a Maryland corporation that has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (?€?REIT?€?) for federal income tax purposes. NYMT is an internally managed REIT in the business of acquiring, investing in, financing and managing primarily mortgage-related single-family and multi-family residential assets.
New York Mortgage Trust Inc FXDFR PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Ser E
New York Mortgage Trust Inc. 8.00% Series D Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
New York Mortgage Trust, Inc., a real estate investment trust (REIT), engages in acquiring, investing in, financing, and managing mortgage-related and financial assets in the United States. It primarily invests in residential mortgage-backed securities comprising adjustable-rate, hybrid adjustable-rate, fixed-rate, interest only and inverse interest only, and principal only mortgage-backed securities; multi family commercial mortgage-backed securities; and residential mortgage loans, including loans sourced from distressed markets. The company qualifies as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. It generally would not be subject to federal income tax on that portion of its income if it distributes at least 90% of its taxable income to its stockholders. The company was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
No Description Available
Nymox Pharmaceutical Corporation specializes in the research and development of therapeutics and diagnostics, with a particular emphasis on products targeted for the unmet needs of the rapidly aging male population in developed economies. The Company?€?s lead drug candidate for benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) Fexapotide Triflutate (FT) has completed Phase 3 development in more than 70 clinical centers in the United States, involving more than 1700 patients during the entire clinical development program. Currently, the Company will soon be filing for approval in major economies around the world, including the United States and Europe.
The New York Times Company is a global media organization dedicated to enhancing society by creating, collecting and distributing high-quality news and information. The company includes The New York Times, NYTimes.com and related properties. It is known globally for excellence in its journalism, and innovation in its print and digital storytelling and its business model. Follow news about the company at @NYTimesPR. This press release can be downloaded from www.nytco.com
Realty Income, The Monthly Dividend Company ??, is an S&P 500 company dedicated to providing stockholders with dependable monthly income. The company is structured as a REIT, and its monthly dividends are supported by the cash flow from over 6,500 real estate properties owned under long-term lease agreements with commercial tenants. To date, the company has declared 605 consecutive common stock monthly dividends throughout its 51-year operating history and increased the dividend 108 times since Realty Income's public listing in 1994. The company is a member of the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats ?? index.


Oaktree Acquisition Corp Warrants 01019999

Oaktree Acquisition Corp II - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/4 War)
Oaktree Acquisition Corp II - Warrants (15/09/2027)
Oaktree Capital Group LLC 6.625% Series A Preferred units
Oaktree Capital Group LLC 6.550% Series B Preferred Units
Optibase invests in the fixed-income real estate field and currently holds properties and beneficial interest in real-estate assets and projects in Switzerland, Germany, Texas, Philadelphia, PA, Miami, FL, and in Chicago, IL, USA and is currently looking for additional real estate investment opportunities. Optibase was previously engaged in the field of digital video technologies until the sale of its video solutions business to Optibase Technologies Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of VITEC Multimedia in July 2010.
Ocean Bio-Chem, Inc. manufactures, markets and distributes a broad line of appearance and maintenance products for the marine, automotive, power sports, recreational vehicle and outdoor power equipment markets under the Star brite ??, Star Tron ??, Performacide ??, Outdoor Collection and other brand names within the United States of America and Canada. In addition, the Company produces private label formulations of many of its products for various customers and provides custom blending and packaging services for these and other products. The Company also manufactures, markets, and distributes a line of disinfectant, sanitizing and deodorizing products under the Star brite ?? and Performacide ?? brand names and private labeled products.
Glowpoint, Inc. (NYSE American: GLOW ) is a managed service provider of video collaboration and network applications. Our services are designed to provide a comprehensive suite of automated and concierge applications to simplify the user experience and expedite the adoption of video as the primary means of collaboration.
Obalon Therapeutics, Inc. is a San Diego-based company focused on developing and commercializing novel technologies for weight loss.
Origin Bancorp Inc
ObsEva is a biopharmaceutical company developing and commercializing novel therapies to improve women?€?s reproductive health and pregnancy. Through strategic in-licensing and disciplined drug development, ObsEva has established a late-stage clinical pipeline with development programs focused on treating endometriosis, uterine fibroids, preterm labor, and improving embryo transfer outcomes following in vitro fertilization. ObsEva is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and is trading under the ticker symbol ?€?OBSV?€? and on the SIX Swiss Exchange where it is trading under the ticker symbol ?€?OBSN?€?.
Owens Corning is a global building and industrial materials leader. The company?€?s three integrated businesses are dedicated to the manufacture and advancement of a broad range of insulation, roofing and fiberglass composite materials. Leveraging the talents of 18,000 employees in 33 countries, Owens Corning provides innovative products and sustainable solutions that address energy efficiency, product safety, renewable energy, durable infrastructure, and labor productivity. These solutions provide a material difference to the company?€?s customers and make the world a better place. Based in Toledo, Ohio, USA, the company posted 2019 sales of $7.2 billion. Founded in 1938, it has been a Fortune 500 ?? company for 66 consecutive years.
Omnichannel Acquisition Corp Units each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and onehalf of one redeemable warrant
Optical Cable Corporation is a manufacturer of a range of fiber optic and copper data communications cabling and connectivity solutions for enterprise market, offering a range of warranted products, which operate as a system solution or seamlessly integrate with other providers' offerings. Its product offerings include designs for uses ranging from commercial, enterprise network, datacenter, residential and campus installations to customized products for specialty applications and harsh environments, including military, industrial and broadcast applications. Its products include fiber optic and copper cabling, specialty fiber optic and copper connectors, fiber optic and copper patch cords, and other cable and connectivity management accessories. The representative types of end-users of its fiber optic cables, copper and fiber optic connectivity products, include commercial institutions, government agencies, industrial, manufacturing facilities and original equipment manufacturers.
OFS Credit is a non-diversified, externally managed closed-end management investment company. The Company?€?s investment objective is to generate current income, with a secondary objective to generate capital appreciation primarily through investment in CLO debt and subordinated securities. The Company's investment activities are managed by OFS Capital Management, LLC, an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 1, as amended, and headquartered in Chicago, Illinois with additional offices in New York and Los Angeles.

OceanFirst Financial Corp.?€?s subsidiary, OceanFirst Bank N.A., founded in 1902, is a $10.2 billion regional bank operating throughout New Jersey, metropolitan Philadelphia and metropolitan New York City. OceanFirst Bank delivers commercial and residential financing solutions, trust and asset management and deposit services and is one of the largest and oldest community-based financial institutions headquartered in New Jersey.
OceanFirst Financial Corp. FXDFR PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Ser A
OneConnect Financial Technology Company Ltd ADS Sponsored
Ocugen, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing, and commercializing transformative therapies to cure blindness diseases. Our breakthrough modifier gene therapy platform has the potential to treat multiple retinal diseases with one drug ?€? ?€?one to many?€? and our novel biologic product candidate aims to offer better therapy to patients with underserved diseases such as wet age-related macular degeneration, diabetic macular edema, and diabetic retinopathy.
Ocwen Financial Corporation is a leading non-bank mortgage servicer and originator providing solutions through its primary brands, PHH Mortgage and Liberty Reverse Mortgage. PHH Mortgage is one of the largest servicers in the country, focused on delivering a variety of servicing and lending programs. Liberty is one of the nation?€?s largest reverse mortgage lenders dedicated to education and providing loans that help customers meet their personal and financial needs. We are headquartered in West Palm Beach, Florida, with offices in the United States and the U.S. Virgin Islands and operations in India and the Philippines, and have been serving our customers since 1988.
Oaktree Strategic Income Corporation is a specialty finance company dedicated to providing customized capital solutions for middle-market companies in both the syndicated and private placement markets. The Company's investment objective is to generate a stable source of current income while minimizing the risk of principal loss and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation by providing innovative first-lien financing solutions to companies across a wide variety of industries.
Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation is a specialty finance company dedicated to providing customized one-stop credit solutions to companies with limited access to public or syndicated capital markets. The Company's investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation by providing companies with flexible and innovative financing solutions including first and second lien loans, unsecured and mezzanine loans, and preferred equity.
Ocular Therapeutix, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the formulation, development, and commercialization of innovative therapies for diseases and conditions of the eye using its proprietary bioresorbable hydrogel-based formulation technology. Ocular Therapeutix?€?s first commercial drug product, DEXTENZA??, is FDA-approved for the treatment of ocular inflammation and pain following ophthalmic surgery. Ocular Therapeutix is evaluating product candidates for the treatment of other ocular conditions including various retinal diseases, glaucoma, dry eye disease, and allergic conjunctivitis.
Rexahn Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biotechnology company that has been focused on the development of innovative therapies to improve patient outcomes in cancers that are difficult to treat.
OncoCyte is a molecular diagnostics company whose mission is to provide actionable answers at critical decision points across the lung cancer care continuum, with the goal of improving patient outcomes by accelerating and optimizing diagnosis and treatment. The company is currently preparing to launch a treatment stratification test that enables the identification of early-stage lung cancer patients at high risk for recurrence, allowing them to be treated when their cancer may be more responsive to adjuvant chemotherapy. DetermaDx, the company?€?s liquid biopsy test in development, utilizes a proprietary immune system interrogation approach to clarify if a patients?€? lung nodules are benign, which may enable them to avoid potentially risky invasive diagnostic procedures.
of America : Oil-Dri is a leading manufacturer and supplier of high-quality sorbent mineral products for the Pet Care, Animal Health & Nutrition, Fluids Purification, Agricultural Ingredients, Industrial & Automotive, and Sports Fields markets. Oil-Dri is vertically integrated which enables the company to efficiently oversee every step of the process from research and development to supply chain to marketing and sales. With over 75 years of experience, the company continues to fulfill its mission to Create Value from Sorbent Minerals.
Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc. is a leading, less-than-truckload (?€?LTL?€?), union-free motor carrier providing regional, inter-regional and national LTL services through a single integrated organization. Our service offerings, which include expedited transportation, are provided through an expansive network of service centers located throughout the continental United States. Through strategic alliances, the Company also provides LTL services throughout North America. In addition to its core LTL services, the Company offers a range of value-added services including container drayage, truckload brokerage and supply chain consulting.
Office Depot, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of The ODP Corporation, a leading provider of business services, products and digital workplace technology solutions to small, medium and enterprise businesses. Through its banner brands Office Depot?? and OfficeMax??, as well as others, the company offers its customers the tools and resources they need to focus on their passion of starting, growing and running their business through over 1,200 stores, an online presence and thousands of dedicated sales professionals.
Odonate Therapeutics, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of best-in-class therapeutics that improve and extend the lives of patients with cancer. Odonate?€?s initial focus is on the development of tesetaxel, an investigational, orally administered chemotherapy agent that belongs to a class of drugs known as taxanes, which are widely used in the treatment of cancer. Odonate?€?s goal for tesetaxel is to develop an effective chemotherapy choice for patients that provides quality-of-life advantages over current alternatives.
Orion is a worldwide supplier of carbon black. We produce a broad range of carbon blacks that include high-performance specialty gas blacks, acetylene blacks, furnace blacks, lamp blacks, thermal blacks and other carbon blacks that tint, colorize and enhance the performance of polymers, plastics, paints and coatings, inks and toners, textile fibers, adhesives and sealants, tires, and mechanical rubber goods such as automotive belts and hoses. Orion operates 14 global production sites and has approximately 1,425 employees worldwide.
Delivering Innovative Technologies for an Interconnected World..... CUI Global, Inc. is a publicly traded company dedicated to maximizing shareholder value through the acquisition and development of innovative companies to create a diversified energy services platform. CUI Global's Energy business, Orbital Gas Systems is a leader in innovative gas solutions with more than 30 years of experience in design, installation and the commissioning of industrial gas sampling, measurement and delivery systems providing solutions to the energy, power and processing markets. Orbital Gas Systems manufactures and delivers a broad range of technologies including environmental monitoring, gas metering, process control, telemetry, gas sampling and BioMethane. As a publicly traded company, shareholders can participate in the opportunities, revenues, and profits generated by the products, technologies, and market channels of CUI Global and its subsidiaries. But most important, a commitment to conduct business with a high level of integrity, respect, and philanthropic dedication allows the organization to make a difference in the lives of their customers, employees, investors and global community.
Orion is a provider of LED lighting systems and turnkey project implementation, including installation and commissioning of fixtures, controls and IoT solutions, as well as ongoing system maintenance and program management, helping customers to enhance the efficiency of their business while reducing their carbon footprint. Orion systems utilize patented design elements to deliver industry-leading energy efficiency, enhanced optical and thermal performance and ease of installation, providing long-term financial, environmental, and work-space benefits to a diverse customer base, including nearly 40% of the Fortune 500.
Corporate Office Properties Trust is an office real estate investment trust (REIT), which focuses on the customer relationships and specialized tenant requirements in the United States Government and defense information technology, and data sectors. The Company acquires, develops, manages and leases office and data center properties that are concentrated in office parks. COPT operates in two primary industries: commercial office real estate and wholesale data centers. In December 2011, the Company announced that it sold its holdings in the Rutherford Business Center (Rutherford) in Woodlawn, Maryland and White Marsh Commerce Center. In February 2012, the Company sold five buildings in the White Marsh submarket of Greater Baltimore, MD. In May 2012, the Company sold two buildings and land in Rockville. In July 2012, it disposed 24 operating properties and the Fort Ritchie development.
Oconee Federal Financial Corp. (NASDAQ Capital Market: OFED) is the holding company of Oconee Federal Savings and Loan Association. Oconee Federal Savings and Loan Association is a federally chartered savings and loan association founded in 1924 and headquartered in Seneca, South Carolina. Oconee Federal Savings and Loan Association is a community oriented financial institution operating eight full-service branch locations in Oconee County, South Carolina, Pickens County, South Carolina, Stephens County, Georgia and Rabun County, Georgia.
Now in its 56 th year in business, OFG Bancorp is a diversified financial holding company that operates under U.S., Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands banking laws and regulations. Its three principal subsidiaries, Oriental Bank, Oriental Financial Services and Oriental Insurance, provide a wide range of retail and commercial banking, lending and wealth management products, services and technology, primarily in Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands.
OFG Bancorp Preferred Stock
OFG Bancorp 7.0% Non Cumulative Monthly Income Preferred Stock Series B
OFG Bancorp 7.125% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock. Series D
Orthofix has the market-leading Bone Growth Stimulation platform with the only cervical spinal indication granted by the FDA and the only mobile device app accessory designed to help patients follow their prescriptions and provide remote visibility of adherence to physicians (STIM onTrack ??? 2.1). Orthofix is also investing in investigational device exemption (IDE) studies to expand indications for use in areas such as rotator cuff tears.
Omega Flex, Inc. is engaged in the in the manufacturing of corrugated flexible metal hose and braid products for the processing industries and other specialized applications. It is used in a variety of applications to carry gases and liquids within their particular applications. The various product lines include corrugated metal hoses in a range of sizes and alloys, including three grades of stainless steel, bronze, Inconel and Hastelloy. It also manufactures a range of pressure reinforcing braids for the hoses in both metallic and synthetic constructions. These products are used in a variety of applications primarily for the processing industries, transportation industry, medical and semiconductor markets, and for instrumentation, as well as the construction industry. The market categories for flexible metallic hose include automotive, aerospace, residential and commercial construction, and general industrial.
OFS Capital Corporation is an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company. OFS Capital's investment objective is to provide stockholders with both current income and capital appreciation primarily through debt investments and, to a lesser extent, equity investments. OFS Capital invests primarily in privately held middle-market companies in the United States, including lower-middle-market companies, targeting investments of $3 to $20 million in companies with annual EBITDA between $3 million and $50 million. OFS Capital offers flexible solutions through a variety of asset classes including senior secured loans, which includes first-lien, second-lien and unitranche loans, as well as subordinated loans and, to a lesser extent, warrants and other equity securities. OFS Capital's investment activities are managed by OFS Capital Management, LLC, an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 1 and headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, with additional offices in New York and Los Angeles.
OFS Capital Corp
OFS Capital Corp 5.950 Nt 10312026
OFS Capital Corporation 6.375% Notes due 2025

No Description Available
OGE Energy Corp. (OGE Energy) is an energy and energy services provider offering physical delivery and related services for both electricity and natural gas in the south central United States. The Company conducts these activities through four business segments: electric utility, natural gas transportation and storage, and natural gas gathering and processing. The electric utility segment generates, transmits, distributes and sells electric energy in Oklahoma and western Arkansas. Its operations are conducted through Oklahoma Gas and Electric Company (OG&E). OG&E is the electric utility in Oklahoma and its franchised service territory includes the Fort Smith, Arkansas area. OGE Enogex Holdings, LLC (Enogex) is a provider of integrated natural gas midstream services. Enogex is engaged in the business of gathering, processing, transporting and storing natural gas. As of December 31, 2012, OGE Energy indirectly owns a 79.9% membership interest in Enogex Holdings.
Oragenics, Inc. focuses on the discovery, development, and commercialization of various technologies associated with oral health, antibiotics, and other general health benefits. It develops and markets probiotic products comprising ProBiora3, an oral care probiotics that promote oral health for humans and pets under the Evora and ProBiora brands in approximately 13 countries worldwide. The company??s ProBiora3 products include flavored probiotic tablets, such as EvoraPlus and EvoraKids for daily use by adults and children; EvoraPet for companion pets, including cats and dogs; and EvoraPro, a product for the dental office channel. Its product candidates consists of LPT3-04, a naturally occurring compound for weight loss; SMaRT Replacement Therapy, a topical treatment applied to the teeth to protect against tooth decay; and MU1140-S, an antibiotic product candidate in preclinical testing for healthcare-associated infections. Oragenics, Inc. offers its ProBiora3 products through direct-to-consumer channels, professional offices, and private label partnerships. The company was formerly known as Oragen, Inc. Oragenics, Inc. was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Tampa, Florida.
Organigram Holdings Inc. is a NASDAQ Global Select and TSX listed company whose wholly owned subsidiary, Organigram Inc., is a licensed producer of cannabis and cannabis-derived products in Canada. Organigram is focused on producing high-quality, indoor-grown cannabis for patients and adult recreational consumers in Canada, as well as developing international business partnerships to extend the Company's global footprint. Organigram has also developed a portfolio of legal adult use recreational cannabis brands including The Edison Cannabis Company, Ankr?€?Organics and Trailblazer. Organigram's facility?€?is located in?€?Moncton, New Brunswick and the Company is regulated by the?€?Cannabis Act and the?€?Cannabis Regulations?€?(Canada). This news release contains forward-looking information. Often, but not always, forward-looking information can be identified by the use of words such as ?€?plans?€?, ?€?expects?€?, ?€?estimates?€?, ?€?intends?€?, ?€?anticipates?€?, ?€?believes?€? or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions, events, or results ?€?may?€?, ?€?could?€?, ?€?would?€?, ?€?might?€? or ?€?will?€? be taken, occur or be achieved. Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, events, performance or achievements of Organigram to differ materially from current expectations or future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking information contained in this news release.
ONE Gas Inc
Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. (Omega) is a self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT), investing in income-producing healthcare facilities, such as long-term care facilities located throughout the United States. The Company provides lease or mortgage financing to operators of skilled nursing facilities (SNFs) and, to assisted living facilities (ALFs), independent living facilities and rehabilitation and acute care facilities. It finances investments through borrowings under its revolving credit facilities, private placements or public offerings of debt or equity securities, the assumption of secured indebtedness, or a combination of these methods. As of December 31, 2011, its portfolio of investments consisted of 438 healthcare facilities located in 35 states and operated by 51 third-party operators. It uses the term operator to refer to its tenants and mortgagees and their affiliates who manage and/or operate its properties.
Owens-Illinois, Inc. is a manufacturer of glass containers with 81 glass manufacturing plants in 21 countries. It produces glass containers for beer, ready-to-drink low alcohol refreshers, spirits, wine, food, tea, juice and pharmaceuticals. The Company also produces glass containers for soft drinks and other non-alcoholic beverages outside the United States. It manufactures these products in a range of sizes, shapes and colors. It has four geographical segments: Europe, North America, South America, and Asia Pacific. On September 1, 2010, it completed the acquisition of Brazilian glassmaker Companhia Industrial de Vidros (CIV). On December 23, 2010, the Company acquired Hebei Rixin Glass Group Co., Ltd. On December 7, 2010, the Company acquired the majority interest in Zhaoqing Jiaxin Glasswork Co., LTD. On March 11, 2010, the Company acquired the majority interest in Cristalerias Rosario.
OI S A SPONSORED ADR
Oceaneering International, Inc. is a global oilfield provider of engineered services and products, primarily to the offshore oil and gas industry, with a focus on deepwater applications. The Company's segments include ervices and products provided to the oil and gas industry (Oil and Gas) and all other services and products (Advanced Technologies). It has four business segments within the Oil and Gas business, which are Remotely Operated Vehicles (ROVs), Subsea Products, Subsea Projects and Asset Integrity. The services and products the Company provides to the oil and gas industry include remotely operated vehicles, built-to-order specialty subsea hardware, engineering and project management, subsea intervention services, including manned diving, and asset integrity and nondestructive testing services. The Company also serves the defense, entertainment and aerospace industries.
O2Micro International Limited designs, develops and markets integrated circuits for power management and security applications, as well as systems security solutions. The Company focuses its product design efforts on integrated circuits for consumer electronics, computer, industrial and communications products, including liquid crustal display (LCD) computer monitors, LCD televisions, notebook computers, Internet security devices, global positioning system (GPS), mobile phones and portable digital versatile disc (DVD) players. Its integrated circuit products manage and provide power for LCD lighting, provide connections between notebook computers and external plug-in cards provide Internet security, control and monitor battery charging and discharging, direct current (DC)/direct current (DC) conversion, and provide select and switch functionality between power sources.
Oil States International, Inc. (Oil States) through its subsidiaries, is a provider of specialty products and services to natural resources companies worldwide. The Company operates in oil and natural gas and coal producing regions, including Canada, onshore and offshore the United States, Australia, West Africa, the North Sea, South America and Southeast and Central Asia. Its customers include national oil companies, oil and natural gas companies, onshore and offshore drilling companies, other oilfield service companies and mining companies. It operates in four segments: accommodations, offshore products, well site services and tubular services. On November 1, 2011, the Company purchased an open camp accommodations facility located in Carrizo Springs, Texas. In December 2013, the Company's subsidiary, Oil States Industries, Inc acquired Quality Connector Systems, LLC.
ONEOK, Inc., is a diversified energy company. The Company's segments include ONEOK Partners, Natural Gas Distribution and Energy Services. As of December 31, 2012, the Company was the sole general partner and own 43.4 % of ONEOK Partners, L.P. ONEOK Partners is engaged in the gathering, processing, storage and transportation of natural gas in the United States. In addition, ONEOK Partners owns natural gas liquids systems, connecting natural gas liquids (NGL) supply in the Mid-Continent and Rocky Mountain regions with key market centers. The Company's distribution markets include Oklahoma City and Tulsa, Oklahoma; Kansas City, Wichita, and Topeka, Kansas, and Austin and El Paso, Texas. Its energy services operation is engaged in providing natural gas marketing services to its customers across the United States.

. The OLB Group, Inc. is a payment facilitator and commerce service provider that delivers cloud-based merchant services for web-based and brick-and-mortar organizations. OLB provides a seamless, end-to-end digital commerce solution that includes site creation, hosting, transaction processing and payment gateway, order fulfillment, customer service, outbound marketing, sales reporting, and fundraising. With services from private label shopping sites designed to maintain the unique look or feel of the merchant website, to order fulfillment and customer service, OLB remains invisible to the user and promotes the merchant?€?s brand with market-leading technology and solutions.
Universal Display Corporation is a leader in the research, development and commercialization of organic light emitting diode (OLED) technologies and materials for use in display and solid-state lighting applications. Founded in 1994, the Company currently owns, exclusively licenses or has the sole right to sublicense more than 5,000 patents issued and pending worldwide. Universal Display licenses its proprietary technologies, including its breakthrough high-efficiency UniversalPHOLED phosphorescent OLED technology that can enable the development of low power and eco-friendly displays and solid-state lighting. The Company also develops and offers high-quality, state-of-the-art UniversalPHOLED materials that are recognized as key ingredients in the fabrication of OLEDs with peak performance. In addition, Universal Display delivers innovative and customized solutions to its clients and partners through technology transfer, collaborative technology development and on-site training. Headquartered in Ewing, New Jersey, with international offices in China, Hong Kong, Ireland, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan, and wholly-owned subsidiary Adesis, Inc. based in New Castle, Delaware, Universal Display works and partners with a network of world-class organizations.
Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiary Ollie??s Bargain Outlet, Inc., operates retail stores that offer brand name products. The company's products include house wares, food, books and stationery, bed and bath, floor coverings, toys, and hardware. As of May 15, 2015, it owned 181 Ollie??s Bargain Outlet retail stores across 16 states in the United States. Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
Olema Pharmaceuticals Inc
Olin Corporation is a manufacturer focused in three business segments: Chlor Alkali Products, Chemical Distribution and Winchester. Chlor Alkali Products manufactures and sells chlorine and caustic soda, hydrochloric acid, hydrogen, bleach products and potassium hydroxide. Chemical Distribution manufactures bleach products and distributes caustic soda, bleach products, potassium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid. Winchester products include sporting ammunition, reloading components, small caliber military ammunition and components, and industrial cartridges. The Company's subsidiary, Olin Canada ULC, operates one chlor alkali facility in Becancour, Quebec, which sells chlor alkali-related products within Canada and to the United States and also sells and distributes ammunition within Canada. On August 22, 2012, the Company acquired K. A. Steel Chemicals Inc. (KA Steel). KA Steel is a distributor of caustic soda in North America and manufactures and sells bleach in the Midwest.
One Liberty is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust incorporated in Maryland in 1982. The Company acquires, owns and manages a geographically diversified portfolio consisting primarily of industrial, retail, restaurant, health and fitness and theater properties. Many of these properties are subject to long term net leases under which the tenant is typically responsible for the property?€?s real estate taxes, insurance and ordinary maintenance and repairs.
Outset Medical Inc
Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte SAB de CV (OMA) is a Mexico-based company engaged in the management, operation and development of airport facilities. Company comprises 13 airports, which are located in the metropolitan areas of Acapulco, Ciudad Juarez, Culiacan, Chihuahua, Durango, Mazatlan, Monterrey, Reynosa, San Luis Potosi, Tampico, Torreon, Zacatecas and Zihuatanejo. In addition, the Company is active in the provision of cargo handling, storage, and logistics services. Together with the Spanish hotel operator NH Hoteles SA, the Company also operates a five-star hotel and approximately 5,000 square meters of commercial space inside Terminal 2 at Mexico City International Airport (AICM). As of December 31, 2011, Aeroinvest SA de CV was the Company's major shareholder.
Omnicom Public Relations Group is a global collective of three of the top global public relations agencies worldwide and specialist agencies in areas including public affairs, marketing to women, global health strategy and corporate social responsibility. It encompasses more than 6,300 public relations professionals in more than 370 offices worldwide who provide their expertise to companies, government agencies, NGOs and nonprofits across a wide range of industries. Omnicom Public Relations Group delivers for clients through a relentless focus on talent, continuous pursuit of innovation and a culture steeped in collaboration. Omnicom Public Relations Group is part of the DAS Group of Companies, a division of Omnicom Group Inc. that includes more than 200 companies in a wide range of marketing disciplines including advertising, public relations, healthcare, customer relationship management, events, promotional marketing, branding and research.
Since 1992, Omnicell has been committed to transforming the pharmacy care delivery model to dramatically improve outcomes and lower costs. Through the vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy, a combination of automation, intelligence, and technology-enabled services, powered by a cloud data platform, Omnicell supports more efficient ways to manage medications across all care settings. Over 6,000 facilities worldwide use Omnicell automation and analytics solutions to help increase operational efficiency, reduce medication errors, deliver actionable intelligence, and improve patient safety. More than 40,000 institutional and retail pharmacies across North America and the United Kingdom leverage Omnicell's innovative medication adherence and population health solutions to improve patient engagement and adherence to prescriptions, helping to reduce costly hospital readmissions.
Omeros is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to discovering, developing and commercializing small-molecule and protein therapeutics for large-market and orphan indications targeting inflammation, complement-mediated diseases, disorders of the central nervous system and immune-related diseases, including cancers. In addition to its commercial product OMIDRIA (phenylephrine and ketorolac intraocular solution) 1%/0.3%, Omeros has multiple late-stage clinical development programs focused on complement-mediated disorders, including COVID-19, and substance abuse. A rolling biologics license application for narsoplimab, the company?€?s lead MASP-2 inhibitor, in hematopoietic stem cell transplant-associated thrombotic microangiopathy is being completed for submission to the U.S. FDA. Omeros also has a diverse group of preclinical programs including GPR174, a novel target in immuno-oncology that modulates a new cancer immunity axis recently discovered by Omeros. Small-molecule inhibitors of GPR174 are part of Omeros?€? proprietary G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) platform through which it controls 54 new GPCR drug targets and their corresponding compounds. The company also exclusively possesses a novel antibody-generating platform.
Odyssey Marine Exploration, Inc. is engaged in deep-ocean exploration using innovative methods and state-of-the-art technology to provide access to critical resources worldwide. Our core focus is the discovery, development and extraction of deep-ocean minerals. Odyssey also provides marine services for private clients and governments. For additional details, please visit www.odysseymarine.com. Forward Looking Information Odyssey Marine Exploration believes the information set forth in this Press Release may include "forward looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934.
OneMain Financial has been offering responsible and transparent loans for over 100 years. With nearly 1,500 locations throughout 44 states, the company is committed to helping people with their personal loan needs. OneMain and its 9,000 team members are dedicated to the communities where they live and work.
Owens & Minor, Inc. is a global healthcare solutions company with integrated technologies, products, and services aligned to deliver significant and sustained value for healthcare providers and manufacturers across the continuum of care. With over 15,000 dedicated teammates serving healthcare industry customers in 70 countries, Owens & Minor helps to reduce total costs across the supply chain by optimizing episode and point-of-care performance, freeing up capital and clinical resources, and managing contracts to optimize financial performance. A FORTUNE 500 company, Owens & Minor was founded in 1882 in Richmond, Virginia, where it remains headquartered today. The Company has distribution, production, customer service and sales facilities located across the Asia Pacific region, Europe, Latin America, and North America.
Oasis Midstream Partners LP Representing Limited Partner Interests
ON Semiconductor is driving energy efficient innovations, empowering customers to reduce global energy use. The company is a leading supplier of semiconductor-based solutions, offering a comprehensive portfolio of energy efficient, power management, analog, sensors, logic, timing, connectivity, discrete, SoC and custom devices. The company?€?s products help engineers solve their unique design challenges in automotive, communications, computing, consumer, industrial, medical, aerospace and defense applications. ON Semiconductor operates a responsive, reliable, world-class supply chain and quality program, a robust compliance and ethics program, and a network of manufacturing facilities, sales offices and design centers in key markets throughout North America, Europe and the Asia Pacific regions.
Old National Bancorp (Old National), is a financial holding company. The Company, through its wholly owned banking subsidiary Old National Bank (Old National Bank), provide a range of services, including commercial and consumer loan and depository services, investment and brokerage services, lease financing and other traditional banking services. Through its non-bank affiliates, it provides services to supplement the banking business, including fiduciary and wealth management services, insurance and other financial services. It provides financial services in Indiana, eastern and southeastern Illinois, and central and western Kentucky. It operates in two segments: community banking and treasury. On September 15, 2012, it merged with Indiana Community Bancorp of Columbus, Indiana. Effective September 15, 2012, the merger of Indiana Bank and Trust Company, Indiana Community Bancorp's banking subsidiary, into Old National Bank, the banking subsidiary of Old National Bancorp was completed.
Oncorus Inc
OncoSec Medical Incorporated (the "Company," "OncoSec," "we" or "our") is a late-stage biotechnology company focused on developing cytokine-based intratumoral immunotherapies to stimulate the body's immune system to target and attack cancer. OncoSec's lead immunotherapy investigational product candidate ?€? TAVO??? (tavokinogene telseplasmid) ?€? enables the intratumoral delivery of DNA-based interleukin-12 (IL-12), a naturally occurring protein with immune-stimulating functions. The technology, which employs electroporation, is designed to produce a controlled, localized expression of IL-12 in the tumor microenvironment, enabling the immune system to target and attack tumors throughout the body. OncoSec has built a deep and diverse clinical pipeline utilizing TAVO??? as a potential treatment for multiple cancer indications either as a monotherapy or in combination with leading checkpoint inhibitors; with the latter potentially enabling OncoSec to address a great unmet medical need in oncology: anti-PD-1 non-responders. Results from recently completed clinical studies of TAVO??? have demonstrated a local immune response, and subsequently, a systemic effect as either a monotherapy or combination treatment approach along with an acceptable safety profile, warranting further development. In addition to TAVO???, OncoSec is identifying and developing new DNA-encoded therapeutic candidates and tumor indications for use with its new Visceral Lesion Applicator (VLA), to target deep visceral lesions, such as liver, lung or pancreatic lesions.
GTx, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is developing selective androgen receptor modulators (SARMs) , a drugs with the potential to prevents and treat muscle wasting in patients with cancer and other musculoskeletal wasting or muscle loss conditions, including chronic sarcopenia (age related muscle loss). The Company is conducting the POWER 1 and POWER 2 (Prevention and treatment Of muscles Wasting in patients with cancER) pivotal Phase III clinical trials evaluating enobosarm for the prevention and treatment of muscle wasting in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer. In October 2012, it sold rights and related assets in the metastatic breast cancer product, Fareston, to ProStrakan Group plc.
Oncolytics is a biotechnology company developing pelareorep, an intravenously delivered immuno-oncolytic virus. The compound induces selective tumor lysis and promotes an inflamed tumor phenotype -- turning "cold" tumors "hot" -- through innate and adaptive immune responses to treat a variety of cancers. Pelareorep has demonstrated synergies with immune checkpoint inhibitors and may also be synergistic with other approved immuno-oncology agents. Oncolytics is currently conducting and planning additional studies in combination with checkpoint inhibitors and targeted therapies in solid and hematological malignancies, as it prepares for a phase 3 registration study in metastatic breast cancer.
Founded in 2008 and headquartered in Shanghai, OneSmart International Education Group Limited is a leading premium K-12 after-school tutoring service provider in China. Our vision is to be the most trusted and heartful high-tech education company and our mission is POWER LEARNING changes the future with technology advancement. Our company culture is centered on the core values of customer focus, excellence, integrity, and technology and innovation. The Company has built a comprehensive premium K-12 education platform that encompasses OneSmart 1-on-1 business (the leading premium K-12 1-on-1 tutoring business in China ), young children premium education business (HappyMath and FasTrack English), and OneSmart Online (the leading premium online education platform in China ). As of May 31, 2020, OneSmart operates a nationwide network of 449 learning centers across 33 cities in China.
ONEMAIN COM INC
Onewater Marine Inc Class A
Nanometrics is a leading provider of advanced, high-performance process control metrology and inspection solutions used primarily in the semiconductor manufacturing industry, as well as in the fabrication of other solid-state devices and components in the optoelectronic, LED and storage industries, and more recently in the industrial, aerospace and scientific research markets. Nanometrics?€? process control solutions include automated and integrated metrology systems as well as software and analytics that measure and monitor key elements of device performance and yield, such as critical dimensions, device structures, surface shape and profile, overall topography and various thin film properties, including three-dimensional features and film thickness, as well as the optical, electrical and material properties of various substrates, devices and components. Nanometrics?€? solutions enable advanced process control for device manufacturers, providing improved device yield at reduced manufacturing cycle time, supporting the accelerated product life cycles in the semiconductor and other advanced markets. The company maintains its headquarters in Milpitas, California, with sales and service offices worldwide. Nanometrics is traded on Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol NANO. Nanometrics?€? website is http://www.nanometrics.com.
Onconova Therapeutics is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing novel drugs to treat cancer. Onconova has a pipeline of proprietary targeted agents designed to work against specific cellular pathways that are important in cancer cells. Clinical trials with the Company?€?s compound rigosertib are aimed at what the Company believes are unmet medical needs of patients with cancer. Onconova has conducted trials with two other research compounds, and has a pre-clinical program with a CDK4/6 and ARK5 inhibitor, ON 123300.

The Company has historically focused its efforts on developing its in vivo liver tissues to treat end-stage liver disease and a select group of life-threatening, orphan diseases, for which there are limited treatment options other than organ transplantation. On August 6, 2020, the Company filed a definitive proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the ?€?SEC?€?) for its 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held virtually on Tuesday, September 15, 2020 at 9:00 a.m. (Pacific Daylight Time). Please refer to the proxy statement for information about the proposals to be voted on at the 2020 Annual Meeting, including the membership of the Company?€?s Board of Directors and the potential future direction of the Company.
Ooma creates powerful connected experiences for businesses and consumers, delivered from its smart cloud-based SaaS platform. For businesses of all sizes, Ooma provides advanced voice and collaboration features that are flexible and scalable. For consumers, Ooma?€?s residential phone service provides PureVoice HD voice quality, advanced functionality and integration with mobile devices. Ooma?€?s innovative smart security solution delivers a range of wireless security sensors that make it easy for anyone to protect their home.
OP Bancorp, the holding company for Open Bank (the ?€?Bank?€?), is a California corporation whose common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market under the ticker symbol, ?€?OPBK.?€? The Bank is engaged in the general commercial banking business in Los Angeles, Orange, and Santa Clara Counties, California and Carrollton, Texas and is focused on serving the banking needs of small- and medium-sized businesses, professionals, and residents with a particular emphasis on Korean and other ethnic minority communities. The Bank currently operates with nine full branch offices in Downtown Los Angeles, Los Angeles Fashion District, Los Angeles Koreatown, Gardena, Buena Park, and Santa Clara, California, and Carrollton, Texas. The Bank also has four loan production offices in Atlanta, Georgia, Aurora, Colorado, and Lynnwood and Seattle, Washington. The Bank commenced its operations on June 10, 2005 as First Standard Bank and changed its name to Open Bank in October 2010. Its headquarters is located at 1000 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 500, Los Angeles, California 90017. Phone 213.892.9999; www.myopenbank.com Member FDIC, Equal Housing Lender.
BioScrip, Inc. is the largest independent national provider of infusion and home care management solutions, with approximately 2,100 teammates and nearly 70 service locations across the U.S. BioScrip partners with physicians, hospital systems, payors, pharmaceutical manufacturers and skilled nursing facilities to provide patients access to post-acute care services. BioScrip operates with a commitment to bring customer-focused pharmacy and related healthcare infusion therapy services into the home or alternate-site setting. By collaborating with the full spectrum of healthcare professionals and the patient, BioScrip provides cost-effective care that is driven by clinical excellence, customer service, and values that promote positive outcomes and an enhanced quality of life for those it serves.
Opes Acquisition Corp. is a blank check company headquartered in Miami and organized for the purpose of effecting a merger, asset acquisition, stock purchase or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. About BurgerFi Established in 2011, BurgerFi is among the nation?€?s fastest-growing better burger concepts with nearly 125 BurgerFi restaurants domestically and internationally. The concept was chef-founded and is committed to serving fresh food of transparent quality. BurgerFi uses 100% natural Angus beef with no steroids, antibiotics, growth hormones, chemicals or additives. BurgerFi placed in the top 10 on Fast Casual?€?s Top 100 Movers & Shakers list in 2020, was named ?€?Best Burger Joint?€? by Consumer Reports and fellow public interest organizations in the 2019 Chain Reaction Study, listed as a ?€?Top Restaurant Brand to Watch?€? by Nation?€?s Restaurant News in 2019, included in Inc. Magazine?€?s Fastest Growing Private Companies List, and ranked on Entrepreneur?€?s 2017 Franchise 500.
Opes Acquisition Corp. Unit
Opes Acquisition Corp - Warrants (13/03/2023)
OpGen, Inc. (Gaithersburg, MD, USA) is a precision medicine company harnessing the power of molecular diagnostics and bioinformatics to help combat infectious disease. Along with subsidiaries, Curetis GmbH and Ares Genetics GmbH, we are developing and commercializing molecular microbiology solutions helping to guide clinicians with more rapid and actionable information about life threatening infections to improve patient outcomes, and decrease the spread of infections caused by multidrug-resistant microorganisms, or MDROs. OpGen?€?s product portfolio includes Unyvero, Acuitas AMR Gene Panel and Acuitas?? Lighthouse, and the ARES Technology Platform including ARESdb, using NGS technology and AI-powered bioinformatics solutions for antibiotic response prediction.
OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2000 and is based in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and operates through three banking offices located in Broward County, Florida. OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for OptimumBank (the ?€?Bank?€?) which provides a wide range of consumer and commercial banking services to individuals and businesses. The Bank accepts demand interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing, savings, money market, NOW, and time deposit accounts, as well as certificates of deposit The Bank offers residential and commercial real estate, commercial, and consumer loans, as well as lending lines for working capital needs. It also provides debit and ATM cards; investment, cash management, and notary and night depository services; and direct deposits, money orders, cashier's checks, domestic collections, drive-in tellers, and banking by mail, as well as Internet banking services.
Government Properties Income Trust (GOV) is a real estate investment trust (REIT). As of December 31, 2011, GOV owned 71 properties located in 29 states and the District of Columbia containing approximately 9.0 million rentable square feet, of which 68.2% was leased to the United States Government, 17.5% was leased to eight state governments, and 2.1% was leased to the United Nations, an international intergovernmental organization. As of December 31, 2011, the United States Government, eight state governments and the United Nations combined were responsible for 91.9% of the Company's annualized rental income. As of December 31, 2011, 95.0% of its rentable square feet were leased. During the year ended December 31, 2011, it acquired 16 office properties located in 11 states. The Company's manager is Reit Management & Research LLC (RMR).

Office Properties Income Trust 6.375 Senior Notes 2050
OPKO Health, Inc. (OPKO) is a multi-national pharmaceutical and diagnostics company. OPKO is developing a range of solutions to diagnose, treat and prevent various conditions, including molecular diagnostics tests, point-of-care tests, and pharmaceuticals and vaccines. Its lead program is a molecular diagnostics platform for the development and commercialization of blood-based tests for conditions. Its pharmaceutical segment consists of two operating segments: pharmaceutical research and development segment which is focused on the research and development of pharmaceutical products, diagnostic tests and vaccines, and the pharmaceutical operations, which it acquired in Chile, Mexico and Israel. In August 2013, OPKO Health Inc announced the completion of the acquisition of PROLOR.
OPNET Technologies, Inc. (OPNET) is a provider of application and network performance management solutions. OPNET's software products address application performance management (APM) network operations, capacity management, and network research and development. The Company's software products use a range of advanced technologies to support the analysis of application, network, and server performance under a range of current and planned or modeled operating conditions. OPNET develops and sells a range of software modules that provide additional functions to its application and network management software products. In May 24, 2012, the Company acquired Clarus Systems, Inc. In December 2012, Riverbed Technology Inc acquired the Company.
Old Point Financial Corporation operates as the holding company for The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus that provides consumer, mortgage, and business banking services. The company offers deposit products, such as interest-bearing transaction accounts, money market deposit accounts, savings accounts, and time deposits. It also provides commercial, real estate construction, real estate mortgage, consumer, and other loans, as well as cash management services. In addition, the company, through its other subsidiary, Old Point Trust & Financial Services, N.A., provides wealth management services, which include retirement planning, estate planning, financial planning, estate and trust administration, retirement plan administration, tax services, and investment management services for individuals and businesses. As of March 31, 2014, it operates 18 branches in Hampton Roads localities of Chesapeake, Hampton, Isle of Wight County, Newport News, Norfolk, Virginia Beach, Williamsburg/James City County, and York County. The company was founded in 1922 and is headquartered in Hampton, Virginia.
RiverNorth/DoubleLine Strategic opportunity fund Inc
Opera Ltd
Oportun Financial Corp
OptimizeRx??is a digital health company that provides communications solutions for life science companies, physicians and patients. Connecting over half of healthcare providers in the??U.S.??and millions of patients through a proprietary network, the??OptimizeRx??digital health platform helps patients afford and stay on medications. The platform unlocks new patient and physician touchpoints for life science companies along the patient journey, from point-of-care, to retail pharmacy, through mobile patient engagement.
Opthea Ltd ADR (Sponsored)
OPTION CARE INC
Headquartered in Monroe Township, New Jersey, OPT aspires to transform the world through durable, innovative, and cost-effective ocean energy solutions. Its PowerBuoy?? solutions platform provides clean and reliable electric power and real-time data communications for remote offshore and subsea applications in markets such as offshore oil and gas, defense and security, science and research, and communications.
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. (Oppenheimer), a principal subsidiary of Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. (OPY on the New York Stock Exchange), and its affiliates provide a full range of wealth management, securities brokerage and investment banking services to high-net-worth individuals, families, corporate executives, local governments, businesses and institutions.
Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd is an intermediate precious metal royalty company focused on the Americas that commenced activities in June 2014. Osisko holds a North American focused portfolio of over 138 royalties, streams and precious metal offtakes. Osisko?€?s portfolio is anchored by its cornerstone asset, a 5% net smelter return royalty on the Canadian Malartic mine, which is the largest gold mine in Canada. Osisko also owns the Cariboo gold project in Canada as well as a portfolio of publicly held resource companies, including a 14.6% interest in Osisko Mining Inc., 17.8% interest in Osisko Metals Incorporated and an 18.3% interest in Falco Resources Ltd. On October 5, 2020, Osisko Gold Royalties??Ltd announced the spin-out of mining assets and the creation of Osisko Development Corp., a premier North American gold development company. This transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2020. Osisko?€?s head office is located at 1100 Avenue des Canadiens-de-Montr??al, Suite 300, Montr??al, Qu??bec, H3B??2S2.
With over five decades of experience, Ormat Technologies, Inc. is a leading geothermal company and the only vertically integrated company engaged in geothermal and recovered energy generation (?€?REG?€?), with the objective of becoming a leading global provider of renewable energy. The Company owns, operates, designs, manufactures and sells geothermal and REG power plants primarily based on the Ormat Energy Converter ?€? a power generation unit that converts low-, medium- and high-temperature heat into electricity. With 63 U.S. patents, Ormat?€?s power solutions have been refined and perfected under the most grueling environmental conditions. Ormat has 578 employees in the United States and 830 overseas. Ormat?€?s flexible, modular solutions for geothermal power and REG are ideal for vast range of resource characteristics. The Company has engineered, manufactured and constructed power plants, which it currently owns or has installed to utilities and developers worldwide, totaling over 3,000 MW of gross capacity. Ormat?€?s current 914 MW generating portfolio is spread globally in the U.S., Kenya, Guatemala, Indonesia, Honduras, and Guadeloupe. Ormat expanded its operations to provide energy storage and energy management solutions, by leveraging its core capabilities and global presence as well as through its Viridity Energy Solutions Inc. subsidiary.
Orange is one of the world?€?s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 42 billion euros in 2019 and 143,000 employees worldwide at 30 September 2020, including 83,000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 257 million customers worldwide at 30 September 2020, including 212 million mobile customers and 21million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies, under the brand Orange Business Services. In December 2019, the Group presented its new "Engage 2025" strategic plan, which, guided by social and environmental accountability, aims to reinvent its operator model. While accelerating in growth areas and placing data and AI at the heart of its innovation model, the Group will be an attractive and responsible employer, adapted to emerging professions. Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).
ORBCOMM is a global leader and innovator in the industrial Internet of Things, providing solutions that connect businesses to their assets to deliver increased visibility and operational efficiency. The company offers a broad set of asset monitoring and control solutions, including seamless satellite and cellular connectivity, unique hardware and powerful applications, all backed by end-to-end customer support, from installation to deployment to customer care. ORBCOMM has a diverse customer base including premier OEMs, solutions customers and channel partners spanning transportation, supply chain, warehousing and inventory, heavy equipment, maritime, natural resources, and government.
Orchid Island Capital, Inc. is a specialty finance company that invests on a leveraged basis in Agency RMBS. Our investment strategy focuses on, and our portfolio consists of, two categories of Agency RMBS: (i) traditional pass-through Agency RMBS, such as mortgage pass-through certificates issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae and CMOs, and (ii) structured Agency RMBS. Orchid is managed by Bimini Advisors, LLC, a registered investment adviser with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Owl Rock Capital Corporation (ORCC) is a specialty finance company focused on lending to U.S. middle-market companies. As of March 31, 2020, ORCC had investments in 101 portfolio companies with an aggregate fair value of $8.9 billion. ORCC has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. ORCC is externally managed by Owl Rock Capital Advisors LLC, an SEC-registered investment adviser that is an affiliate of Owl Rock Capital Partners. Owl Rock Capital Partners, together with its subsidiaries, is a New York based direct lending platform with approximately $17.3 billion of assets under management as of March 31, 2020.
Oracle is the platform for modern retail. Oracle provides retailers with a complete, open, and integrated platform for leading retail solutions, cloud services, and hardware that are engineered to work together. Innovative retailers use Oracle solutions to pivot to customer and to drive agility across the business. Oracle Retail customers can deliver an authentic customer experience while protecting their people, processes, brand, and customers.
Organogenesis Holdings Inc. is a leading regenerative medicine company offering a portfolio of bioactive and acellular biomaterials products in advanced wound care and surgical biologics, including orthopedics and spine. Organogenesis?€?s comprehensive portfolio is designed to treat a variety of patients with repair and regenerative needs.
Orgenesis is a global biotech company working to unlock the full potential of cell and gene therapies (CGTs) in an affordable and accessible format at the point of care. The Orgenesis POCare Platform is comprised of three enabling components: a pipeline of licensed POCare Therapeutics that are processed and produced in closed, automated POCare Technology systems across a collaborative POCare Network. Orgenesis identifies promising new therapies and leverages its POCare Platform to provide a rapid, globally harmonized pathway for these therapies to reach and treat large numbers of patients at lowered costs through efficient, scalable, and decentralized production. The Network brings together patients, doctors, industry partners, research institutes and hospitals worldwide to achieve harmonized, regulated clinical development and production of the therapies.
Old Republic International Corporation, through its subsidiaries, engages in the insurance underwriting and related services business primarily in the United States and Canada. The company??s General Insurance Group segment offers automobile extended warranty, aviation, commercial automobile, commercial multi-peril, general liability, home warranty, inland marine, travel accident, and workers' compensation insurance products; and financial indemnity products for specialty coverages, including errors and omissions, directors and officers, fidelity, guaranteed asset protection, and surety. This segment offers its insurance products for businesses, government, and other institutions in transportation, commercial construction, healthcare, education, retail and wholesale, forest products, energy, general manufacturing, and financial services industries. The company??s Title Insurance Group segment provides lenders' and owners' title insurance policies to real estate purchasers and investors based upon searches of the public records. This segment also offers escrow closing and construction disbursement services; and real estate information products, national default management services, and services pertaining to real estate transfers and loan transactions. The Republic Financial Indemnity Group provides private mortgage insurance coverage for default related losses on residential mortgage loans made primarily to homebuyers. This segment is also involved in the consumer credit indemnity run-off business. It serves mortgage lenders and investors. The company was founded in 1887 and is based in Chicago, Illinois.
ORIC Pharmaceuticals is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving patients?€? lives by O vercoming R esistance I n C ancer. ORIC?€?s lead product candidate, ORIC-101, is a potent and selective small molecule antagonist of the glucocorticoid receptor, which has been linked to resistance to multiple classes of cancer therapeutics across a variety of solid tumors. ORIC-101 is currently in two separate Phase 1b trials of ORIC-101 in combination with (1) Xtandi (enzalutamide) in metastatic prostate cancer and (2) Abraxane (nab-paclitaxel) in advanced or metastatic solid tumors. ORIC?€?s other product candidates include (1) ORIC-533, an orally bioavailable small molecule inhibitor of CD73, a key node in the adenosine pathway believed to play a central role in resistance to chemotherapy- and immunotherapy-based treatment regimens, (2) ORIC-944, an allosteric inhibitor of the polycomb repressive complex 2 (PRC2) via the EED subunit, being developed for prostate cancer, and (3) ORIC-114, a brain penetrant inhibitor designed to selectively target EGFR and HER2 with high potency against exon 20 insertion mutations, being developed across multiple genetically defined cancers. Beyond these four product candidates, ORIC is also developing multiple precision medicines targeting other hallmark cancer resistance mechanisms. ORIC has offices in South San Francisco and San Diego, California.
O?€?Reilly Automotive, Inc. was founded in 1957 by the O?€?Reilly family and is one of the largest specialty retailers of automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies, equipment and accessories in the United States, serving both the do-it-yourself and professional service provider markets.
Oramed Pharmaceuticals??is a platform technology pioneer in the field of oral delivery solutions for drugs currently delivered via injection. Established in 2006, with offices in??New York??and??Israel, Oramed has developed a novel Protein Oral Delivery (POD???) technology. Oramed is seeking to revolutionize the treatment of diabetes through its proprietary lead candidate, ORMD-0801, which has the potential to be the first commercial oral insulin capsule for the treatment of diabetes. The Company has completed multiple Phase 2 clinical trials under an Investigational New Drug application with the??U.S. Food and Drug Administration. In addition, Oramed is developing an oral GLP-1 (Glucagon-like peptide-1) analog capsule, ORMD-0901.
Orion Group Holdings, Inc., a leading specialty construction company serving the infrastructure, industrial and building sectors, provides services both on and off the water in the continental United States, Alaska, Canada and the Caribbean Basin through its marine segment and its concrete segment. The Company?€?s marine segment provides construction and dredging services relating to marine transportation facility construction, marine pipeline construction, marine environmental structures, dredging of waterways, channels and ports, environmental dredging, design, and specialty services. Its concrete segment provides turnkey concrete construction services including pour and finish, dirt work, layout, forming, rebar, and mesh across the light commercial, structural and other associated business areas. The Company is headquartered in Houston, Texas with regional offices throughout its operating areas.
Orphazyme A/S
Orrstown Financial Services, Inc. is a holding company for Orrstown Bank (the Bank). The Company's primary activity consists of owning and supervising its subsidiary, the Bank. The Bank provides banking and bank related services through 21 offices, located in South Central Pennsylvania, principally in Franklin, Perry and Cumberland Counties and in Washington County, Maryland. The Bank is engaged in commercial banking and trust business. This involves accepting demand, time and savings deposits, and granting loans. The Bank grants commercial, residential, consumer and agribusiness loans in its market areas of Franklin, Perry and Cumberland Counties in Pennsylvania and in Washington County, Maryland. Orrstown Financial Advisors (OFA) offers retail brokerage services through a third party broker/dealer arrangement with Financial Network Investment Company (FNIC).
Orchard Therapeutics plc ADS

Old Second Bancorp, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Old Second National Bank that provides banking services. It offers demand, NOW, money market, savings, time deposit, individual retirement and Keogh deposit accounts; lines of credit for working capital; lending for capital expenditures on manufacturing equipment; and lending to small business manufactures, service companies, and medical and dental entities, as well as specialty contractors. The company also provides commercial real estate loans; construction loans; residential real estate loans comprising residential first mortgages, second mortgages, and home equity line of credit mortgages; consumer loans, including motor vehicle, home improvement, and signature loans, as well as small personal credit lines; and installment loans, student loans, agricultural loans, and overdraft checking. In addition, it offers safe deposit services; trust and wealth management services; and various services, such as traveler??s checks, money orders, cashier??s checks, foreign currency, direct deposits, discount brokerage, debit cards, credit cards, and other special services, as well as acquisition of U.S. Treasury notes and bonds. Further, the company provides electronic banking services, such as online and mobile banking; and corporate cash management products, including remote and mobile deposits capture, investment sweep accounts, zero balance accounts, automated tax payments, ATM access, telephone banking, lockbox accounts, automated clearing house transactions, account reconciliation, controlled disbursement, detail and general information reporting, wire transfers, vault services for currency and coin, and checking accounts, as well as offers investment, agency, and custodial services. As of December 31, 2013, it operated through a network of 27 banking locations located in Chicago. The company was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Aurora, Illinois.
Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. is a publicly traded company providing energy transportation services for crude oil and petroleum products in the U.S. Flag markets. OSG is a major operator of tankers and ATBs in the Jones Act industry. OSG?€?s 22 vessel U.S. Flag fleet consists of three crude oil tankers doing business in Alaska, two conventional ATBs, two lightering ATBs, three shuttle tankers, ten MR tankers, and two non-Jones Act MR tankers that participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program. OSG also currently owns and operates two Marshall Islands flagged MR tankers which trade internationally. In addition to the currently operating fleet, OSG has on order one Jones Act compliant barge which is scheduled for delivery in 2020. OSG is committed to setting high standards of excellence for its quality, safety and environmental programs. OSG is recognized as one of the world?€?s most customer-focused marine transportation companies and is headquartered in Tampa, FL.
Founded in 2012, Oak Street Health is a network of value-based, primary care centers for adults on Medicare. With a mission of rebuilding healthcare as it should be, the company operates an innovative healthcare model focused on quality of care over volume of services, and assumes the full financial risk of its patients. Oak Street Health currently operates more than 65 centers across Illinois, Michigan, Indiana, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Rhode Island, North Carolina, Tennessee and Texas.
OSI Systems is a vertically integrated designer and manufacturer of specialized electronic systems and components for critical applications in the homeland security, healthcare, defense, and aerospace industries. The Company combines more than 40 years of electronics engineering and manufacturing experience with offices and production facilities in more than a dozen countries to implement a strategy of expansion into selective end-product markets.
At Oshkosh, we make innovative, mission-critical equipment to help everyday heroes advance communities around the world. Headquartered in Wisconsin, Oshkosh Corporation employs more than 15,000 team members worldwide, all united behind a common cause: to make a difference in people?€?s lives. Oshkosh products can be found in more than 150 countries under the brands of JLG??, Pierce??, Oshkosh?? Defense, McNeilus??, IMT??, Jerr-Dan??, Frontline???, Oshkosh?? Airport Products and London???.
Osmotica Pharmaceuticals plc is a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of specialty products that target markets with underserved patient populations. The company has a diverse portfolio consisting of promoted and non-promoted products, several of which incorporate Osmotica?€?s proprietary Osmodex ?? drug delivery system. RVL Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is the Company?€?s ophthalmic subsidiary supporting Upneeq. Vertical Pharmaceuticals, LLC represents the Company?€?s diversified branded portfolio and Trigen Laboratories, LLC represents the Company?€?s non-promoted products, including complex generic formulations. Osmotica has operations in the United States, Argentina, and Hungary. Investor and Media Relations for Osmotica Pharmaceuticals plc Lisa M. Wilson In-Site Communications, Inc. T: 212-452-2793 E: lwilson@insitecony.com
Ossen Innovation Co., Ltd. manufactures and sells a wide variety of plain surface pre-stressed steel materials and rare earth coated and zinc coated pre-stressed steel materials. The Company's products are mainly used in the construction of bridges, as well as in highways and other infrastructure projects. Ossen has two manufacturing facilities located in Maanshan, Anhui Province, and Jiujiang, Jiangxi Province.
OneSpan Inc
One Stop Systems Inc
Overstock.com, Inc. Common Stock / Series A-1 Preferred Stock (tZERO ATS :OSTKO) / Series B Preferred Stock (OTCQX:OSTBP) is an online retailer and technology company based in??Salt Lake City, Utah. Its leading e-commerce website sells a broad range of new home products at low prices, including furniture, d??cor, rugs, bedding, home improvement, and more. The online shopping site, which is visited by tens of millions of customers a month, also features a marketplace providing customers access to millions of products from third-party sellers. Overstock was the first major retailer to accept cryptocurrency in 2014, and in the same year founded??Medici Ventures, its wholly owned subsidiary dedicated to the development and acceleration of blockchain technologies to democratize capital, eliminate middlemen, and re-humanize commerce.
OraSure Technologies empowers the global community to improve health and wellness by providing access to accurate, essential information. Together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, DNA Genotek, Diversigen, CoreBiome (now operating under the Diversigen brand), UrSure and Novosanis, OraSure provides its customers with end-to-end solutions that encompass tools, services and diagnostics. The OraSure family of companies is a leader in the development, manufacture, and distribution of rapid diagnostic tests, sample collection and stabilization devices, and molecular services solutions designed to discover and detect critical medical conditions. OraSure?€?s portfolio of products is sold globally to clinical laboratories, hospitals, physician?€?s offices, clinics, public health and community-based organizations, research institutions, government agencies, pharma, commercial entities and direct to consumers.
OneSpaWorld Holdings Limited Ordinary Shares
No Description Available
Open Text Corporation (Open Text) is engaged in providing a suite of information management software products. The Company builds software that allows companies to organize and manage their content, collaborate with business partners, and address regulatory and business requirements associated with information management. The Company's enterprise information management (EIM) solutions are based on five portfolios of product offerings, categorized as enterprise content management (ECM), business process management (BPM), customer experience management (CEM), information exchange (iX) and Discovery. In March 2013, the Company acquired Resonate Knowledge Technologies. Effective August 1, 2013, OpenText Corp of Canada acquired ICCM Solutions, a developer of enterprise management software. Effective August 16, 2013, OpenText Corp acquired Cordys BV, a provider of service oriented architecture (SOA) platform services.
Otonomy is a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of innovative therapeutics for neurotology. The company pioneered the application of drug delivery technology to the ear in order to develop products that achieve sustained drug exposure from a single local administration. This approach is covered by a broad patent estate and is being utilized to develop a pipeline of products addressing important unmet medical needs including M??ni??re?€?s disease, hearing loss, and tinnitus.
Otis Worldwide Corporation When Issued
Outlook Therapeutics is a late clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company working to develop ONS-5010/LYTENAVA??? (bevacizumab-vikg) as the first FDA-approved ophthalmic formulation of bevacizumab-vikg for use in retinal indications, including wet AMD, DME and BRVO. If ONS-5010 is approved, Outlook Therapeutics expects to commercialize it as the first and only FDA-approved ophthalmic formulation of bevacizumab-vikg for use in treating a range of retinal diseases in the United States, United Kingdom, Europe, Japan and other markets. Outlook Therapeutics expects to file ONS-5010 with the U.S. FDA as a new BLA under the PHSA 351(a) regulatory pathway, initially for wet AMD.

OTR Acquisition Corp. is a newly organized blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. While it may pursue an initial business combination target in any business, industry or geographical location, it intends to focus its search on target businesses with enterprise values of approximately $500 million to $2.5 billion. The Company is sponsored by OTR Acquisition Sponsor LLC, an affiliate of investor and entrepreneur Nicholas J. Singer and Purchase Capital.
Ontrak, Inc. (f/k/a Catasys, Inc.) is a leading AI and telehealth enabled, virtualized outpatient healthcare treatment company, whose mission is to help improve the health and save the lives of as many people as possible. The company?€?s PRE??? (Predict-Recommend-Engage) platform predicts people whose chronic disease will improve with behavior change, recommends effective care pathways that people are willing to follow, and engages people who aren?€?t getting the care they need. By combining predictive analytics with human engagement, Ontrak delivers improved member health and validated outcomes and savings to healthcare payers. The company?€?s integrated, technology-enabled Ontrak??? solutions, a critical component of the PRE platform, are designed to treat members with behavioral conditions that cause or exacerbate chronic medical conditions such as diabetes, hypertension, coronary artery disease, COPD, and congestive heart failure, which result in high medical costs. Ontrak has a unique ability to engage these members, who do not otherwise seek behavioral healthcare, leveraging proprietary enrollment capabilities built on deep insights into the drivers of care avoidance. Ontrak integrates evidence-based psychosocial and medical interventions delivered either in-person or via telehealth, along with care coaching and in-market Community Care Coordinators who address the social and environmental determinants of health, including loneliness. The company?€?s programs improve member health and deliver validated cost savings to healthcare payers of more than 50 percent for enrolled members. Ontrak solutions are available to members of leading national and regional health plans in 30 states and in Washington, D.C.
Ontrak Inc
Otter Tail Corporation has interests in diversified operations that include an electric utility and manufacturing businesses. Otter Tail Corporation stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol OTTR.
OUTFRONT Media Inc. provides advertising space on out-of-home advertising structures and sites in the United States, Canada, and Latin America. Its portfolio primarily consists of billboard displays, which are principally located on the heavily traveled highways and roadways; and transit advertising displays with multi-year contracts with municipalities in various cities across the United States. The company also provides value-added services, such as pre-campaign category research, creative design support, and post-campaign tracking and analytics. It primarily serves the retail, television, and healthcare/pharmaceuticals industries. The company qualifies as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes. It generally would not be subject to federal corporate income taxes if it distributes at least 90% of its taxable income to its stockholders. The company was formerly known as CBS Outdoor Americas Inc. and changed its name to OUTFRONT Media Inc. in November 2014. OUTFRONT Media Inc. is based in New York, New York. Outfront Media Inc. formerly operated as a subsidiary of CBS Corporation.
Ohio Valley Banc Corp. (Ohio Valley) is a financial holding company. Ohio Valley has one banking subsidiary, The Ohio Valley Bank Company (the Bank). Ohio Valley also owns two nonbank subsidiaries, Loan Central, Inc. (Loan Central) and Ohio Valley Financial Services Agency, LLC (Ohio Valley Financial Services), which engage in lending and insurance agency services, and two wholly owned subsidiary trusts formed to issue trust preferred securities. Ohio Valley also owns a minority interest in an insurance company. The company operates in two segments: banking and consumer finance. The Bank is primarily engaged in commercial and retail banking. The Bank is a full-service financial institution offering a range of commercial and consumer banking services within central and southeastern Ohio, as well as western West Virginia.
Ovid Therapeutics Inc.??is a??New York-based biopharmaceutical company using its BoldMedicine ?? approach to develop medicines that transform the lives of patients with rare neurological disorders. Ovid has a broad pipeline of potential first-in-class medicines in development. The Company?€?s most advanced investigational medicine, OV101 (gaboxadol), is currently in clinical development for the treatment of Angelman syndrome and Fragile X syndrome. Ovid is also developing OV935 (soticlestat) in collaboration with Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited for the potential treatment of rare developmental and epileptic encephalopathies (DEEs).
Oak Valley Bancorp is a bank holding company. The Company operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Oak Valley Community Bank (the Bank). The Bank offers a range of commercial banking services designed for both individuals and small to medium-sized businesses in the two main areas of service of the Bank: the Central Valley and the Eastern Sierras. The Bank also offers traditional residential mortgages through a third party. The Bank also offers other services for both individuals and businesses, including online banking, remote deposit capture, merchant services, night depository, extended hours, wire transfer of funds, note collection, and automated teller machines in a national network. The Bank operates in two business segments: Retail Banking and Commercial Banking.
Ovintiv is one of the largest producers of oil, condensate and natural gas in North America. The Company is committed to preserving its financial strength, maximizing profitability through disciplined capital investments and operational efficiencies and returning capital to shareholders. A talented team, in combination with a culture of innovation and efficiency, fuels Ovintiv's economic performance, increases shareholder value and strengthens its commitment to sustainability in the communities where its employees live and work.
Oxbridge Re (www.oxbridgere.com) is a Cayman Islands exempted company that was organized in April 2013 to provide reinsurance business solutions primarily to property and casualty insurers in the Gulf Coast region of the United States. Through Oxbridge Re's licensed reinsurance subsidiaries, Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge RE NS, it writes fully collateralized policies to cover property losses from specified catastrophes. Oxbridge Re specializes in underwriting medium frequency, high severity risks, where it believes sufficient data exists to analyze effectively the risk/return profile of reinsurance contracts. The company's ordinary shares and warrants trade on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols "OXBR" and "OXBRW," respectively. The company's ordinary shares are included in the Russell Microcap Index.
Oxbridge Re Holdings Ltd. Wt Exp 3/26/2019
Oxford Immunotec Global PLC is a global, high-growth diagnostics company. We bring energy and invention to a world in need of diagnostic truth. We are uniquely placed as the only company in the world offering regulated ELISPOT assays for T cell measurement, with approval around the globe. Our leading product, the T-SPOT ??. TB test, is used for diagnosing infection with Tuberculosis, the world?€?s largest cause of death from infectious disease. The Company is an experienced manufacturer of IVD tests, operating under a fully audited Quality Management System, ensuring rigorous batch control. The company has manufactured in excess of 20 million clinical T cell tests for TB infection. The T-SPOT. TB test has been approved for sale in over 50 countries, including the United States, where it has received pre-market approval from the Food and Drug Administration, Europe, where it has obtained a CE mark, as well as Japan and China. The Company is headquartered near Oxford, U.K. and in Marlborough, MA.
Oxford Lane Capital Corp. 6.75% Series 2024 Term Preferred Stock
Oxford Lane Capital Corp. is a publicly-traded registered closed-end management investment company principally investing in debt and equity tranches of CLO vehicles. CLO investments may also include warehouse facilities, which are financing structures intended to aggregate loans that may be used to form the basis of a CLO vehicle.
Oxford Lane Capital Corp PRF REDEEM 28022027 USD 25 Ser 2027
Oxford Industries, Inc. is an apparel company, which designs, sources, markets and distributes products bearing the trademarks of its lifestyle brands, as well as certain licensed and private label apparel products. The Company's portfolio of brands includes Tommy Bahama, Lilly Pulitzer and Ben Sherman, as well as owned and licensed brands for tailored clothing and golf apparel. As of January 28, 2012, it operated 96 Tommy Bahama, 16 Lilly Pulitzer and 16 Ben Sherman retail locations, including outlet locations for Tommy Bahama and Ben Sherman. Its business is operated through four operating groups: Tommy Bahama, Lilly Pulitzer, Ben Sherman and Lanier Clothes. In addition, it operates 13 Tommy Bahama restaurants, generally adjacent to a Tommy Bahama retail store. On January 3, 2011, the Company sold to LF USA Inc., all of the operations and assets of its former Oxford Apparel operating group.
Oxford Square Capital Corp. is a publicly-traded business development company principally investing in syndicated bank loans and debt and equity tranches of collateralized loan obligation (?€?CLO?€?) vehicles. CLO investments may also include warehouse facilities, which are financing structures intended to aggregate loans that may be used to form the basis of a CLO vehicle.
Oxford Square Capital Corp. 6.50% Notes due 2024
Oxford Square Capital Corp 625 Notes 04302026
Occidental is an international energy company with operations in the United States, Middle East, Africa and Latin America. We are one of the largest oil producers in the U.S., including a leading producer in the Permian and DJ basins, and offshore Gulf of Mexico. Our midstream and marketing segment provides flow assurance and maximizes the value of our oil and gas. Our chemical subsidiary OxyChem manufactures the building blocks for life-enhancing products. Our Oxy Low Carbon Ventures subsidiary is advancing leading-edge technologies and business solutions that economically grow our business while reducing emissions. We are committed to using our global leadership in carbon dioxide management to advance a lower-carbon world.
Occidental Petroleum Corporation Warrants
Oyster Point Pharma Inc
Bank OZK is a regional bank providing innovative financial solutions delivered by expert bankers with a relentless pursuit of excellence. Bank OZK is the #1 capitalized bank among the nation?€?s top 100 U.S. publicly traded banks based on asset size and Tier 1 Leverage Capital Ratio as of March 31, 2020, according to data obtained from S&P Global Market Intelligence. Bank OZK was named Best Bank in the South for 2019-2020 by Money, the personal finance news and advice brand. Established in 1903, Bank OZK conducts banking operations through more than 250 offices in ten states including Arkansas, Georgia, Florida, North Carolina, Texas, Alabama, South Carolina, New York, California and Mississippi and had $24.57 billion in total assets as of March??31, 2020. Bank OZK can be found at www.ozk.com and on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn or contacted at (501) 978-2265 or P.O. Box 8811, Little Rock, Arkansas 72231-8811.
No Description Available
Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. is a publicly traded master limited partnership that owns and operates midstream energy infrastructure and provides logistics services for crude oil, natural gas liquids ("NGL"), and natural gas. PAA owns an extensive network of pipeline transportation, terminalling, storage and gathering assets in key crude oil and NGL producing basins and transportation corridors and at major market hubs in the United States and Canada. On average, PAA handles more than 6 million barrels per day of crude oil and NGL in its Transportation segment. PAA is headquartered in Houston, Texas.
Pan American owns and operates silver and gold mines located in Mexico, Peru, Canada, Argentina and Bolivia. We also own the Escobal mine in Guatemala that is currently not operating. As the world's second largest primary silver producer with the largest silver reserve base globally, we provide enhanced exposure to silver in addition to a diversified portfolio of gold producing assets. Pan American has a 26-year history of operating in Latin America, earning an industry-leading reputation for corporate social responsibility, operational excellence and prudent financial management. We are headquartered in Vancouver, B.C. and our shares trade on NASDAQ and the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol "PAAS".
Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico SAB de CV is a Mexico-based company engaged in the management, operation and development of airport facilities. The Company comprises 12 airports, which are located and serve two metropolitan areas (Guadalajara and Tijuana), several tourist destinations (Puerto Vallarta, Los Cabos, La Paz and Manzanillo), and a number of mid-sized cities (Hermosillo, Guanajuato, Morelia, Aguascalientes, Mexicali and Los Mochis). All of its airports are designated as international airports under Mexican law. As of December 31, 2011, the Company's airports handled approximately 28.2 million terminal passengers and serve several international and domestic routes. In addition, Aeropuertos Mexicanos del Pacifico SA de CV was the Company's major shareholder with 15% of its interest.
Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc., is empowering life scientists with highly accurate long-read sequencing. The company?€?s innovative instruments are based on Single Molecule, Real-Time (SMRT??) Sequencing technology, which delivers a comprehensive view of genomes, transcriptomes, and epigenomes, enabling access to the full spectrum of genetic variation in any organism. Cited in thousands of peer-reviewed publications, PacBio?? sequencing systems are in use by scientists around the world to drive discovery in human biomedical research, plant and animal sciences, and microbiology.
TPG Pace Tech Opportunities Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/5 War)
GIBRALTAR PACKAGING GROUP INC
PacWest Bancorp operates as the holding company for Pacific Western Bank that provides commercial banking products and services to individuals, professionals, and small to mid-sized businesses in the United States. It accepts demand, money market, and time deposits. Its real estate loans include mini-perm loans and construction loans; commercial loans comprise asset secured loans, cash flow secured loans, term business loans, and equipment secured loans and leases, as well as SBA loans; and consumer loans, such as personal loans, auto loans, home equity lines of credit, revolving lines of credit, and other loans. The company also provides international banking, multi-state deposit, and investment services, as well as out-of-service area services; telephone customer and on-line banking services; and foreign exchange services. As of January 31, 2015, it had 80 full-service branch offices and 62 other offices. The company was formerly known as First Community Bancorp and changed its name to PacWest Bancorp in April 2008. PacWest Bancorp was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.


Penske Automotive Group, Inc., headquartered in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, is an international transportation services company that operates automotive and commercial truck dealerships principally in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, and Western Europe, and distributes commercial vehicles, diesel engines, gas engines, power systems and related parts and services principally in Australia and New Zealand. PAG is a member of the Fortune??500, Russell??1000, and Russell 3000 indexes, and is ranked among the World's Most Admired Companies by Fortune Magazine.
Plains GP Holdings, L.P has direct and indirect partnership interests in Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA). PAA is a limited partnership engaged in the transportation, storage, terminalling and marketing of crude oil, and refined products. Through its 50% ownership in PAA/Vulcan Gas Storage LLC, which it refers to as PAA/Vulcan, PAA is involved in the development and operation of natural gas storage facilities. The Company has no separate operating activities apart from those conducted by PAA. PAA manages its operations through three operating segments: transportation; facilities, and Supply and Logistics.
PagSeguro Digital Ltd. Class A
Phibro Animal Health Corporation is a diversified global developer, manufacturer and supplier of a broad range of animal health and mineral nutrition products for livestock, helping veterinarians and farmers produce healthy, affordable food while using fewer natural resources.

Petra Acquisition, Inc. is a blank check company organized for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, with an initial focus on target businesses in the healthcare or a healthcare-related industry. However, the Company?€?s efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to any particular industry or geographic region.
Petra Acquisition Inc - Warrants(01/01/9999)
The Fund employs a ?€?passive management?€? (or indexing) investment approach designed to track the total return performance, before fees and expenses, of the Index. The Index is based on a proprietary methodology developed by Lunt Capital Management, Inc. (?€?Lunt Capital?€? or the ?€?Index Provider?€?).The IndexThe Index uses an objective, rules-based methodology to provide exposure to large-capitalization U.S. companies. The Index uses Lunt Capital?€?s proprietary relative strength methodology to rotate between the holdings of the highest and lowest quintile components of four factor-based indices of the S&P 500 Index (each, a ?€?Sub-Index,?€? and together, the ?€?Sub-Indices?€?), that seek to identify the components of the S&P 500 Index that most strongly exhibit a particular factor. The four factor groups are Momentum, Quality, Value, and Volatility.The Index will include holdings for two of the following eight Sub-Indices:??MomentumQualityValueVolatilityHighest QuintileS&P 500 Momentum IndexS&P 500Quality IndexS&P 500Enhanced Value IndexS&P 500Volatility - Highest Quintile IndexLowest QuintileS&P 500Momentum - Lowest Quintile IndexS&P 500Quality - Lowest Quintile IndexS&P 500Enhanced Value - Lowest Quintile IndexS&P 500Low Volatility IndexEach Sub-Index is composed of the 100 securities (a quintile) comprising the S&P 500 Index that most strongly exhibit the characteristic screened for by the Sub-Index. The S&P 500??is a free-float weighted index that measures the performance of the large-cap segment of the U.S. equity market. The S&P 500??includes approximately 500 leading companies and captures approximately 80% of the U.S. market capitalization. S&P Opco LLC (a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices, LLC) compiles, maintains, and calculates the S&P 500 Index and the Sub-Indices.The Index utilizes Lunt Capital?€?s proprietary relative strength analysis in its attempt to determine which two Sub-Indices are likely to exhibit better price performance than the other Sub-Indices. Pursuant to this methodology, the Index Provider calculates the ?€?Risk Adjusted Score?€? for each Sub-Index. On the final trading day of each month, the Index Provider computes the relative strength of each Sub-Index by comparing each Sub-Index?€?s Risk-Adjusted Score. The Index Provider considers a higher Risk-Adjusted Score to indicate greater relative strength. The Index is composed of the securities comprising the two Sub-Indices demonstrating the greatest relative strength unless such Sub-Indices include both the highest and lowest quintile from the same factor group, in which case only the Sub-Indices with the highest and third-highest Risk-Adjusted Score would be selected. The Index is reconstituted and rebalanced monthly, except when the Index methodology would not result in a change in the Sub-Indices comprising the Index at such time. The Fund?€?s Investment StrategyUnder normal circumstances, at least 80% of the Fund?€?s total assets (exclusive of collateral held from securities lending) will be invested in the component securities of the Fund?€?s underlying Index or in one or more ETFs that track the performance of all or a portion of such component securities in the same approximate proportion as in the Fund?€?s underlying Index. The Fund?€?s investment adviser expects that, over time, the correlation between the Fund?€?s performance and that of the Index, before fees and expenses, will be 95% or better.The Fund will generally use a ?€?replication?€? strategy to achieve its investment objective, meaning it will invest in all of the component securities of the Index.The Fund is considered to be non-diversified, which means that it may invest more of its assets in the securities of a single issuer or a smaller number of issuers than if it were a diversified fund.
The Fund employs a ?€?passive management?€? (or indexing) investment approach designed to track the total return performance, before fees and expenses, of the Index. The Index is based on a proprietary methodology developed by Lunt Capital Management, Inc. (?€?Lunt Capital?€? or the ?€?Index Provider?€?).The IndexThe Index uses an objective, rules-based methodology to provide exposure to mid-capitalization U.S. companies. The Index uses Lunt Capital?€?s proprietary relative strength methodology to rotate between the holdings of the highest and lowest quintile components of four factor-based indices of the S&P MidCap 400 Index (each, a ?€?Sub-Index,?€? and together, the ?€?Sub-Indices?€?), that seek to identify the components of the S&P MidCap 400 Index that most strongly exhibit a particular factor. The four factor groups are Momentum, Quality, Value, and Volatility.The Index will include holdings for two of the following eight Sub-Indices:??MomentumQualityValueVolatilityHighest QuintileS&P MidCap 400 Momentum IndexS&P MidCap 400Quality IndexS&P MidCap 400 Enhanced Value IndexS&P MidCap 400 Volatility - Highest Quintile IndexLowest QuintileS&P MidCap 400Momentum - Lowest Quintile IndexS&P MidCap 400 Quality - Lowest Quintile IndexS&P MidCap 400 Enhanced Value - Lowest Quintile IndexS&P MidCap 400 Low Volatility IndexEach Sub-Index is composed of the 80 securities (a quintile) comprising the S&P MidCap 400 Index that most strongly exhibit the characteristic screened for by the Sub-Index. The S&P MidCap 400 Index is a market-weighted index and measures the performance of mid-capitalization stocks in the United States. S&P Opco LLC (a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices, LLC) compiles, maintains, and calculates the S&P MidCap 400 Index and the Sub-Indices.The Index utilizes Lunt Capital?€?s proprietary relative strength analysis in its attempt to determine which two Sub-Indices are likely to exhibit better price performance than the other Sub-Indices. Pursuant to this methodology, the Index Provider calculates the ?€?Risk Adjusted Score?€? for each Sub-Index. On the final trading day of each month, the Index Provider computes the relative strength of each Sub-Index by comparing each Sub-Index?€?s Risk-Adjusted Score. The Index Provider considers a higher Risk-Adjusted Score to indicate greater relative strength. The Index is composed of the securities comprising the two Sub-Indices demonstrating the greatest relative strength unless such Sub-Indices include both the highest and lowest quintile from the same factor group, in which case only the Sub-Indices with the highest and third-highest Risk-Adjusted Score would be selected. The Index is reconstituted and rebalanced monthly, except when the Index methodology would not result in a change in the Sub-Indices comprising the Index at such time. The Fund?€?s Investment StrategyUnder normal circumstances, at least 80% of the Fund?€?s total assets (exclusive of collateral held from securities lending) will be invested in the component securities of the Fund?€?s underlying Index or in one or more ETFs that track the performance of all or a portion of such component securities in the same approximate proportion as in the Fund?€?s underlying Index. The Fund?€?s investment adviser expects that, over time, the correlation between the Fund?€?s performance and that of the Index, before fees and expenses, will be 95% or better.The Fund will generally use a ?€?replication?€? strategy to achieve its investment objective, meaning it will invest in all of the component securities of the Index.The Fund is considered to be non-diversified, which means that it may invest more of its assets in the securities of a single issuer or a smaller number of issuers than if it were a diversified fund.

Panacea Acquisition Corp. Units each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and onethird of one redeemable warrant
Panacea Acquisition Corp
Pandion Therapeutics Inc
Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. provides logistics services to a broad base of industrial customers who require the transportation of a wide variety of dry bulk cargoes, including grains, pig iron, hot briquetted iron, bauxite, alumina, cement clinker, dolomite, and limestone. The Company addresses the transportation needs of its customers with a comprehensive set of services and activities, including cargo loading, cargo discharge, vessel chartering, and voyage planning.
Palo Alto Networks, the global cybersecurity leader, is shaping the cloud-centric future with technology that is transforming the way people and organizations operate. Our mission is to be the cybersecurity partner of choice, protecting our digital way of life. We help address the world's greatest security challenges with continuous innovation that seizes the latest breakthroughs in artificial intelligence, analytics, automation, and orchestration. By delivering an integrated platform and empowering a growing ecosystem of partners, we are at the forefront of protecting tens of thousands of organizations across clouds, networks, and mobile devices. Our vision is a world where each day is safer and more secure than the one before.
PAR Technology Corporation through its wholly owned subsidiary ParTech, Inc., is a customer success-driven, global restaurant and retail technology company with over 100,000 restaurants in more than 110 countries using its point of sale hardware and software. ParTech?€?s Brink POS integration ecosystem enables quick service, fast casual, table service, and cloud restaurants to improve their operational efficiency by combining its cloud-based POS software with the world?€?s leading restaurant technology platforms. PAR Technology Corporation?€?s stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol PAR.
No Description Available
Passage Bio Inc
Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. operates as a tank truck carrier in North America. It engages in hauling petroleum related products; dry bulk commodities comprising cement, lime, and various industrial powder products; and liquid chemicals, including sulfuric acid, caustic soda, methanol, water treatment materials, and other industrial chemicals. The company serves convenience stores and hypermarket accounts, fuel wholesalers, and oil companies, as well as industrial companies, including cement and concrete companies, industrial accounts, and products distribution companies. The company was formerly known as New Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. and changed its name to Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. The company is headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida. Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. (NasdaqGS:PATI) operates independently of FRP Holdings, Inc. as of January 30, 2015.
Patrick Industries, Inc. is a major manufacturer and distributor of component products and building products serving the recreational vehicle, marine, manufactured housing, residential housing, high-rise, hospitality, kitchen cabinet, office and household furniture, fixtures and commercial furnishings, and other industrial markets and operates coast-to-coast in various locations throughout the United States and in Canada, China and the Netherlands. Patrick's major manufactured products include decorative vinyl and paper laminated panels, countertops, fabricated aluminum products, wrapped profile mouldings, slide-out trim and fascia, cabinet doors and components, hardwood furniture, fiberglass bath fixtures and tile systems, thermoformed shower surrounds, specialty bath and closet building products, fiberglass and plastic helm systems and component products, wiring and wire harnesses, boat covers, towers, tops and frames, electrical systems components including instrument and dash panels, softwoods lumber, interior passage doors, air handling products, RV painting, slotwall panels and components, aluminum fuel tanks, and CNC molds and composite parts and other products. The Company also distributes drywall and drywall finishing products, electronics and audio systems components, wiring, electrical and plumbing products, appliances, cement siding, raw and processed lumber, FRP products, interior passage doors, roofing products, tile, laminate and ceramic flooring, shower doors, furniture, fireplaces and surrounds, interior and exterior lighting products, and other miscellaneous products, in addition to providing transportation and logistics services.
PAVmed Inc. is a highly differentiated, multi-product, commercial-stage medical device company employing a unique business model designed to advance innovative products to commercialization rapidly and with less capital than the typical medical device company. This proprietary model enables PAVmed to pursue an expanding pipeline strategy with a view to enhancing and accelerating value creation while seeking to further expand its pipeline through relationships with its network of clinician innovators at leading academic centers. PAVmed?€?s diversified product pipeline addresses unmet clinical needs encompassing a broad spectrum of clinical areas with attractive regulatory pathways and market opportunities. Its four operating divisions include GI Health (EsoGuard ?? Esophageal DNA Test, EsoCheck ?? Esophageal Cell Collection Device, and EsoCure ??? Esophageal Ablation Device with Caldus??? Technology), Minimally Invasive Interventions (CarpX ??? Minimally Invasive Device for Carpal Tunnel Syndrome), Infusion Therapy (PortIO ??? Implantable Intraosseus Vascular Access Device and NextFlo ??? Highly Accurate Disposable Intravenous Infusion Set), and Emerging Innovations (non-invasive laser-based glucose monitoring, pediatric ear tubes, and mechanical circulatory support).

PAVmed Inc. Series Z Warrant
Paya Holdings Inc - Class A
Paya Holdings Inc - Warrants (01/11/2022)
As a leader in payroll and HR technology, Oklahoma City-based Paycom redefines the human capital management industry by allowing companies to effectively navigate a rapidly changing business environment. Its cloud-based software solution is based on a core system of record maintained in a single database for all human capital management functions, providing the functionality that businesses need to manage the complete employment lifecycle, from recruitment to retirement. Paycom has the ability to serve businesses of all sizes and in every industry. As one of the leading human capital management providers, Paycom serves clients in all 50 states from offices across the country.
Paysign, Inc is an experienced and trusted prepaid debit card payment solutions provider as well as an integrated payment processor that has managed millions of prepaid debit cards in its portfolio. Paysign conceptualizes, develops and manages payment solutions, prepaid card programs, and customized payment services. Paysign?€?s corporate incentive prepaid cards are changing the way corporations reward, motivate, and engage their current and potential customers, employees, and agents. Paysign?€?s customizable solutions offer significant cost savings while improving brand recognition and customer loyalty. For over 15 years healthcare companies, major pharmaceutical companies, multinationals, prestigious universities, and social media companies have relied on Paysign to provide state of the art prepaid payment programs tailored to their unique requirements.Paysign is a registered trademark of Paysign, Inc. in the United States and other countries.??
Paychex, Inc. is a leading provider of integrated human capital management solutions for payroll, benefits, human resources, and insurance services. By combining its innovative software-as-a-service technology and mobility platform with dedicated, personal service, Paychex empowers small- and medium-sized business owners to focus on the growth and management of their business. Backed by more than 45 years of industry expertise, Paychex serves more than 680,000 payroll clients as of May 31, 2020 across more than 100 locations in the U.S. and Europe, and pays one out of every 12 American private sector employees.
?? As of March 31, 2019, Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. ?? is a $22.4 billion Houston, Texas based regional financial holding company, formed in 1983. Operating under a community banking philosophy and seeking to develop broad customer relationships based on service convenience, Prosperity offers a variety of traditional loan and deposit products to its customers, which consist primarily of small and medium sized businesses and consumers. In addition to established banking products, Prosperity offers a complete line of financial services including Online & Mobile Banking, Investment Services, Small Business (SBA) and Commercial Loans, Mortgage Services, Retail Brokerage Services, Cash Management, as well as traditional consumer services. Prosperity currently operates 242 full-service banking locations: 65 in the Houston area, including The Woodlands ; 29 in the South Texas area, including Corpus Christi and Victoria ; 33 in the Dallas/Fort Worth area; 22 in the East Texas area; 29 in the Central Texas area, including Austin and San Antonio ; 34 in the West Texas area, including Lubbock, Midland - Odessa and Abilene ; 16 in the Bryan/College Station area; six in the Central Oklahoma area; and eight in the Tulsa, Oklahoma area.
Calgary -based Pembina Pipeline Corporation is a leading transportation and midstream service provider that has been serving North America's energy industry for more than 65 years. Pembina owns an integrated system of pipelines that transport various hydrocarbon liquids and natural gas products produced primarily in western Canada. The Company also owns gas gathering and processing facilities; an oil and natural gas liquids infrastructure and logistics business; is growing an export terminals business; and is currently developing a petrochemical facility to convert propane into polypropylene. Pembina's integrated assets and commercial operations along the majority of the hydrocarbon value chain allow it to offer a full spectrum of midstream and marketing services to the energy sector. Pembina is committed to identifying additional opportunities to connect hydrocarbon production to new demand locations through the development of infrastructure that would extend Pembina's service offering even further along the hydrocarbon value chain. These new developments will contribute to ensuring that hydrocarbons produced in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin and the other basins where Pembina operates can reach the highest value markets throughout the world. Purpose of??Pembina: To be the leader in delivering integrated infrastructure solutions connecting global markets: Customers choose us first for reliable and value-added services; Investors receive sustainable industry-leading total returns; Employees say we are the 'employer of choice' and value our safe, respectful, collaborative and fair work culture; and Communities welcome us and recognize the net positive impact of our social and environmental commitment. Pembina's??common shares trade on the??Toronto??and??New York??stock exchanges under PPL and PBA, respectively.

Prospect Capital Corporation 6.875% Notes due 2029
www.peoples.com. SOURCE People's United Financial, Inc. Related Links http://www.peoples.com

PBF Energy Inc. (PBF Energy) is an independent petroleum refiners and suppliers of unbranded transportation fuels, heating oils, petrochemical feedstocks, lubricants and other petroleum products in the United States. The Company produces a range of products at each of its refineries, including gasoline, ultra-low-sulfur diesel (ULSD), heating oil, jet fuel, lubricants, petrochemicals and asphalt. The Company sells its products throughout the Northeast and Midwest of the United States, as well as in other regions of the United States and Canada, and are able to ship products to other international destinations. As of December 31, 2011, the Company owned and operated three domestic oil refineries and related assets. The Company's refineries have a combined processing capacity of approximately 540,000 thousand barrels per day. The Company's three refineries are located in Toledo, Ohio, Delaware City, Delaware and Paulsboro, New Jersey.
Pioneer Bancorp Inc
PBF Logistics LP, headquartered in Parsippany, New Jersey, is a fee-based, growth-oriented master limited partnership formed by PBF Energy to own or lease, operate, develop and acquire crude oil and refined petroleum products terminals, pipelines, storage facilities and similar logistics assets. SOURCE PBF Logistics LP Related Links http://www.pbflogistics.com
Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (Prestige) is a holding company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in the marketing, sales and distribution of over-the-counter (OTC) Healthcare and Household Cleaning brands to mass merchandisers, drug stores, supermarkets, club and dollar stores primarily in the United States and Canada. The Company conducts its operations through two principal business segments: Over-the-Counter Healthcare and Household Cleaning. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012 (fiscal 2012), the Company acquired 17 brands in the OTC Healthcare category. On January 31, 2012, it completed the acquisition of the 15 GSK Brands I. In April 2012, the Company purchased the two remaining brands, Debrox ear wax remover and Gly-Oxide oral rinse, of the seventeen brands from GlaxoSmithKline. In July 2013, Prestige Brands Holdings Inc announced its acquisition of Care Pharmaceuticals Pty Ltd.
Pathfinder Bank is a New York State chartered commercial bank headquartered in Oswego, whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., (NASDAQ SmallCap Market; symbol: PBHC). The Bank has ten full-service offices located in its market areas consisting of Oswego and Onondaga County and one limited purpose office in Oneida County. Through its subsidiary, Pathfinder Risk Management Company, Inc., the Bank owns a 51% interest in the FitzGibbons Agency, LLC. At September 30, 2020, there were 4,753,883 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, as well as 1,155,283 shares of convertible perpetual preferred stock issued and outstanding. The Company's common stock trades on the NASDAQ market under the symbol "PBHC." At September 30, 2020, the Company and subsidiaries had total consolidated assets of $1.2 billion, total deposits of $998.2 million and shareholders' equity of $94.7 million. Forward-Looking Statement Certain statements contained herein are ?€?forward looking statements?€? within the meaning of Section??27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section??21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On April 23, 1920, Arthur Pitney, the inventor, and Walter Bowes, the promoter, founded The Pitney Bowes Postage Meter Company. Over the next 100 years, the combination of creativity with business acumen enabled Pitney Bowes to pioneer innovations for over one million clients through several decades ?€? beginning with the postage meter to pushing the boundaries of global ecommerce. The Pitney Bowes centennial commitment continues to put the client first with sustainable innovation created by exceptional people who have deep ties to our communities and driven by a culture of doing the right thing the right way.
Pitney Bowes Inc 6.70% Notes Due 2043
Prudential Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for Prudential Bank. Prudential Bank is a Pennsylvania-chartered, FDIC-insured savings bank that was originally organized in 1886. The Bank conducts business from its headquarters and main office in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania as well as nine additional full-service financial centers, seven of which are in Philadelphia, one in Drexel Hill, Delaware County, and one in Huntingdon Valley, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.
Potbelly Corporation is a neighborhood sandwich concept that has been feeding customers?€? smiles with warm, toasty sandwiches, signature salads, hand-dipped shakes and other fresh menu items, customized just the way customers want them, for more than 40 years. Potbelly promises Fresh, Fast & Friendly service in an environment that reflects the local neighborhood. Since opening its first shop in Chicago in 1977, Potbelly has expanded to neighborhoods across the country - with more than 400 company-owned shops in the United States. Additionally, Potbelly franchisees operate over 40 shops in the United States.
Petr??leo Brasileiro S.A. ?? Petrobras operates as an integrated oil and gas company in Brazil and internationally. Its Exploration and Production segment is engaged in the exploration, development, and production of crude oil, natural gas liquids, and natural gas; sale and transfer of crude oil in domestic and foreign markets; and sale of oil products produced at natural gas processing plants. The company??s Refining, Transportation, and Marketing segment is involved in the refining, logistics, transport, and trading of crude oil and oil products, as well as exports ethanol and invests in petrochemical companies. This segment is also engaged in the extraction and processing of shale. This segment??s products include gasoline, diesel, and residential liquefied petroleum gas. The company??s Gas and Power segment is engaged in the transportation and trade of natural gas; transportation and trade of liquid natural gas; generation and trade of electricity; holding interests in natural gas distribution and thermoelectric power stations; and fertilizer business. Its Biofuel segment is involved in the production of biodiesel and its co-products, as well as in the production and marketing of ethanol, sugar, and the electric power generated from sugarcane bagasse. The company??s Distribution segment distributes oil products, ethanol, and vehicle natural gas in Brazil to retail, commercial, and industrial customers, as well as other fuel wholesalers. Its International segment is engaged in the exploration, production, refining, transportation, marketing, and distribution of gas and power in the Americas, Africa, Europe, and Asia. As of December 31, 2013, the company had proved developed oil and gas reserves of 7,605.8 million barrels of oil equivalent (mmboe) and proved undeveloped reserves of 4,934.5 mmboe in Brazil. Petr??leo Brasileiro S.A. - Petrobras was founded in 1953 and is headquartered in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Petr??leo Brasileiro S.A. ?? Petrobras operates as an integrated energy company in Brazil and internationally. Its Exploration and Production segment engages in the exploration, development, and production of crude oil, natural gas liquids, and natural gas; and sale of crude oil and oil products produced at natural gas processing plants in domestic and foreign markets. The company??s Refining, Transportation and Marketing segment is involved in the refining, logistics, transport, and trading of crude oil and oil products, as well as exports ethanol and invests in petrochemical companies. This segment also engages in the extraction and processing of shale. The company??s Gas and Power segment engages in the transportation and trade of natural gas; transportation and trade of liquid natural gas; generation and trade of electricity; holding interests in natural gas distribution and thermoelectric power plants; and fertilizer business. Its Biofuels segment is involved in the production of biodiesel and its co-products, as well as in the investment, production, and trading of ethanol, sugar, and the electric power generated from sugarcane bagasse. The company??s Distribution segment distributes oil products, ethanol, and vehicle natural gas in Brazil to retail, commercial, and industrial customers, as well as other fuel wholesalers. Its International segment engages in the exploration, production, refining, transportation, marketing, and distribution of gas and power in the Americas, Africa, Europe, and Asia. The company was founded in 1953 and is headquartered in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Permian Basin Royalty Trust (the Trust) is an express trust. The Trust's principal assets are net overriding royalties conveyed to the Trust, including a 75% net overriding royalty carved out of Southland Royalty's fee mineral interests in the Waddell Ranch in Crane County, Texas (the Waddell Ranch properties), and a 95% net overriding royalty carved out of Southland Royalty's major producing royalty interests in Texas (the Texas Royalty properties). Bank of America, N.A. is the Trustee for the Trust. At December 31, 2012, the Waddell Ranch properties contained 889 gross (400 net) productive oil wells, 64 gross (30 net) productive gas wells and 177 gross (506 net) injection wells. As of December 31, 2012, there were no drill wells and 13 workovers in progress on the Waddell Ranch properties. The Texas Royalty properties consist of approximately 125 separate royalty interests containing approximately 303,000 gross (approximately 51,000 net) producing acres.
Powerbridge Technologies Company Ltd Ordinary Shares
Prospect Capital Corporation 6.25% Notes due 2028
Puma Biotechnology, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company with a focus on the development and commercialization of innovative products to enhance cancer care. Puma in-licenses the global development and commercialization rights to PB272 (neratinib, oral), PB272 (neratinib, intravenous) and PB357. Neratinib, oral was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 2017 for the extended adjuvant treatment of adult patients with early stage HER2-overexpressed/amplified breast cancer, following adjuvant trastuzumab-based therapy, and is marketed in the United States as NERLYNX?? (neratinib) tablets. In February 2020, NERLYNX was also approved by the FDA in combination with capecitabine for the treatment of adult patients with advanced or metastatic HER2-positive breast cancer who have received two or more prior anti-HER2-based regimens in the metastatic setting. NERLYNX was granted marketing authorization by the European Commission in 2018 for the extended adjuvant treatment of adult patients with early stage hormone receptor-positive HER2-overexpressed/amplified breast cancer and who are less than one year from completion of prior adjuvant trastuzumab-based therapy. NERLYNX is a registered trademark of Puma Biotechnology, Inc.
PACCAR Inc (PACCAR) is engaged in the design, manufacture and customer support of light, medium- and heavy-duty trucks under the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF nameplates. The company also provides customized financial services, information technology and truck parts related to its principal business. The Company operates in three segments: design, manufacture and distribution of light-, medium- and heavy-duty trucks, distribution of parts for the truck aftermarket and related commercial vehicles, and finance and leasing products and services provided to customers and dealers. The Company's finance and leasing activities are principally related to Company products and associated equipment. The Company's other business is the manufacturing and marketing of industrial winches.
Pacific City Financial Corporation is the bank holding company for Pacific City Bank, a California state chartered bank, offering a full suite of commercial banking services to small to medium-sized businesses, individuals and professionals, primarily in Southern California, and predominantly in Korean-American and other minority communities.
PG&E Corporation is a holding company headquartered in San Francisco. It is the parent company of Pacific Gas and Electric Company, an energy company that serves 16 million Californians across a 70,000-square-mile service area in Northern and Central California. Each of PG&E Corporation and the Utility is a separate entity, with distinct creditors and claimants, and is subject to separate laws, rules and regulations.
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. 6% Preferred Stock
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. 5 1/2% Preferred Stock
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. 5% 1st Preferred Stock
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. 5% 1st Red. Preferred Stock
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. 5% 1st A Preferred Stock
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. 4.80% 1st Preferred Stock
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. 4.50% 1st Preferred Stock
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. 4.36% 1st Preferred Stock

Potlatch Corporation is a real estate investment trust. Through the Company's wholly owned subsidiaries, it operates real estate sales and development business, and five wood products manufacturing facilities that produce lumber and plywood. It operates in three business segments: Resource, Real Estate and Wood Products. The Resource segment manages its timberlands. The business of its Real Estate segment consists primarily of the sale of selected non-core timberland real estate. Its Wood Products segment manufactures and markets lumber and plywood. The Resource segment's management activities include planting and harvesting trees, and building and maintaining roads. The Real Estate segment engages in real estate subdivision and development activities through Potlatch TRS and also plays an active role in negotiations for all timberland acquisitions. The Wood Products segment manufactures and markets lumber and plywood at five mills located in Arkansas, Idaho, Michigan and Minnesota.
Points, (TSX: PTS), provides loyalty e-commerce and technology solutions to the world's top brands to power innovative services that drive increased loyalty program revenue and member engagement. Currently, the Company has a growing network of nearly 60 global loyalty programs integrated into its unique Loyalty Commerce Platform. Points offers three core private or co-branded services: its Loyalty Currency Retailing service sells loyalty points and miles directly to consumers; its Platform Partners service, which offers earn and redemption opportunities via third-party or loyalty channels; and its Points Travel service helps loyalty programs increase revenue from hotel and car rental bookings while offering members more opportunities to earn and redeem loyalty rewards more broadly. Points is headquartered in Toronto, with offices in San Francisco, London and Dubai.
DELISTED -
CC Neuberger Principal Holdings I Units each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and onefourth of one Redeemable Warrant
CC Neuberger Principal Holdings I Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50
Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a United States-based pharmaceutical company. The Company develops non-opioid products for postsurgical pain control. Its products include EXPAREL (bupivacaine liposome injectable suspension) is a liposome injection of bupivacaine, an amide-type local anesthetic; DepoCyt(e) (cytarabine liposome injection) is a sustained-release liposomal formulation of the chemotherapeutic agent cytarabine; and DepoDur (morphine sulfate extended-release liposome injection) is an extended-release, injectable formulation of morphine.
AIRGATE PCS INC
PCSB Financial Corporation is the bank holding company for PCSB Bank. PCSB Bank is a New York-chartered commercial bank that has served the banking needs of its customers in the Lower Hudson Valley of New York State since 1871. It operates from its executive offices/headquarters and 15 branch offices located in Dutchess, Putnam, Rockland and Westchester Counties in New York.
PCTEL, Inc (PCTEL) is a provider of propagation and optimization solutions for the wireless industry. The Company designs and develops software-based radios (scanning receivers) for wireless network optimization and develops and distributes antenna solutions. The Company designs, distributes, and supports antenna solutions for public safety applications, unlicensed and licensed wireless broadband, fleet management, network timing, and other global positioning systems applications. The Company's portfolio of scanning receivers and interference management solutions are used to measure, monitor and optimize cellular networks. Its SeeGull scanning receivers, receiver-based products and CLARIFY interference management solutions are used to measure, monitor and optimize cellular networks. On October 25, 2011, the Company purchased certain assets from Envision Wireless Inc. On July 2, 2012, the Company acquired PCTEL Secure LLC. On July 9, 2012, the Company acquired TelWorx Communications.
Paylocity is a leading provider of cloud-based HR and payroll software solutions headquartered in Schaumburg, IL. Founded in 1997 and publicly traded since 2014, Paylocity offers an intuitive, easy-to-use product suite that helps businesses tackle today's challenges while moving them toward the promise of tomorrow. Known for its unique culture and consistently recognized as one of the best places to work, Paylocity accompanies its clients on the journey to create great workplaces and help people achieve their best through automation, data-driven insights, and engagement.
Vaxcyte Inc
Park City Group, Inc., the parent company of ReposiTrak, Inc., a compliance, supply chain, and e-commerce platform that partners with retailers, wholesalers, and their suppliers, to accelerate sales, control risk, and improve supply chain efficiencies.
Pure Cycle Corporation provides wholesale water and wastewater services. The Company's services include water production, storage, treatment, bulk transmission to retail distribution systems, wastewater collection and treatment, irrigation water treatment and transmission, construction management, billing and collection and emergency response. The Company provides these services to its wholesale customers, which are local governmental entities that provide water and wastewater services to their end-use customers located in the greater Denver, Colorado metropolitan area. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2012 (fiscal 2012), the Company also own 16,000 acres of irrigated land being leased to local farmers in southeastern Colorado and the Company own 931 acres of land in the I-70 corridor east of Denver, Colorado that is being held for development.
PagerDuty, Inc. is a leader in digital operations management. In an always-on world, organizations of all sizes trust PagerDuty to help them deliver a perfect digital experience to their customers, every time. Teams use PagerDuty to identify issues and opportunities in real time and bring together the right people to fix problems faster and prevent them in the future. Notable customers include Netflix, Shopify, Cox Automotive, Box, Slack, DoorDash, Lululemon and more.

Peridot Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/2 War)
Peridot Acquisition Corp - Warrants (30/11/2027)
PDC Energy, Inc. is a domestic independent exploration and production company that acquires, produces, develops, and explores for crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs, with operations in the Wattenberg Field in Colorado and in the Delaware Basin in West Texas. Its operations are focused on the liquid-rich horizontal Niobrara and Codell plays in the Wattenberg Field and the liquid-rich Wolfcamp zones in the Delaware Basin.
Patterson Companies Inc. connects dental and animal health customers in North America and the U.K. to the latest products, technologies, services and innovative business solutions that enable operational and professional success. Our comprehensive portfolio, distribution network and supply chain are equaled only by our dedicated, knowledgeable people who deliver unrivaled expertise and unmatched customer service and support.
Pinduoduo is an innovative and fast-growing technology platform that provides buyers with value-for-money merchandise and fun and interactive shopping experiences. The Pinduoduo mobile platform offers a comprehensive selection of attractively priced merchandise, featuring a dynamic social shopping experience that leverages social networks effectively.
Pro-Dex, Inc. (Pro-Dex) designs and produces powered surgical and dental instruments and motion control products used in the medical, factory automation and scientific research industries. The Company's products are found in hospitals, dental offices, medical engineering labs, scientific research facilities and high-tech manufacturing operations around the world. In addition to Pro-Dex, the names Micro Motors and Oregon Micro Systems are used for marketing purposes as brand names. In February 2012, the Company sold its fractional horsepower motor product line, operating under the name Pro-Dex Astromec. On July 5, 2013, the Company announced that it has completed the sale of its land and building in Carson City, Nevada.
PDF Solutions provides an end-to-end data management and advanced analytics platform that enables semiconductor and electronic systems companies to accelerate and optimize their product manufacturing and test operations to improve yield, quality, and reliability. With over 1 PB of manufacturing and test data under management, Fortune 500 organizations around the world rely on PDF Solutions to provide the data insights that accelerate new product introductions and drive efficient and profitable high-volume manufacturing. PDF Solutions?€? big data analytics, cloud-based platform, Exensio, spans the entire spectrum of the semiconductor value chain from IC design through fabrication, sort, assembly, final test and system level test, and is used by over 20,000 engineers at over 130 companies to control more than 40,000 tools to maximize yield, profitability, reliability and quality. Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, PDF Solutions also operates worldwide in Canada, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Korea, and Taiwan.
PDL Community Bancorp is the financial holding company for Ponce Bank and Mortgage World Bankers, Inc. Ponce Bank is a Minority Depository Institution, a Community Development Financial Institution, and a certified Small Business Administration lender. The Bank?€?s business primarily consists of taking deposits from the general public and to a lesser extent alternative funding sources and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, in mortgage loans, consisting of 1-4 family residences (investor-owned and owner-occupied), multifamily residences, nonresidential properties and construction and land, and, to a lesser extent, in business and consumer loans. The Bank also invests in securities, which consist of U.S. Government and federal agency securities and securities issued by government-sponsored or government-owned enterprises, as well as, mortgage-backed securities, corporate bonds and obligations, and Federal Home Loan Bank stock. Mortgage World Bankers, Inc. is a licensed mortgage lender in five states. As a Federal Housing Administration (?€?FHA?€?)-approved Title II lender, Mortgage World Bankers, Inc. originates and sells to investors single family mortgage loans guaranteed by the FHA, as well as conventional mortgages.
Throughout its history, PDL's mission has been to improve the lives of patients by aiding in the successful development of innovative therapeutics and healthcare technologies. PDL BioPharma was founded in 1986 as Protein Design Labs, Inc. when it pioneered the humanization of monoclonal antibodies, enabling the discovery of a new generation of targeted treatments that have had a profound impact on patients living with different cancers as well as a variety of other debilitating diseases. In 2006, the Company changed its name to PDL BioPharma, Inc. As of December 2019, PDL ceased making additional strategic transactions and investments and is pursuing a formal process to unlock the value of its portfolio by monetizing its assets and ultimately distributing net proceeds to stockholders in the form of cash or equity.
Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. is an owner, manager, developer, redeveloper, and operator of high-quality, Class A office properties located primarily in select sub-markets within seven major Eastern U.S. office markets, with the majority of its revenue being generated from the Sunbelt. Its geographically-diversified, approximately $5 billion portfolio is currently comprised of approximately 17 million square feet. The Company is a fully-integrated, self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT) with local management offices in each of its markets and is investment-grade rated by S&P Global Ratings (BBB) and Moody?€?s (Baa2). At the end of the third quarter, approximately 63% of the company?€?s portfolio was ENERGY STAR certified and approximately 41% was LEED certified.
Precision Drilling Corporation provides oil and natural gas drilling and related services and products. The company operates through two segments, Contract Drilling Services; and Completion and Production Services. The Contract Drilling Services segment offers onshore well drilling services to exploration and production companies in the oil and natural gas industry. This segment??s services include land drilling, directional drilling, and turnkey drilling; and procurement and distribution of oilfield supplies, as well as manufacture, refurbishment, and sale of drilling and service rig equipment. As of December 31, 2014, this segment operated 313 land drilling rigs, including 174 in Canada; 124 in the United States; 6 in Mexico; 4 in Saudi Arabia; 2 in Kuwait; 2 in the Kurdistan region of Iraq; and 1 in the country of Georgia. The Completion and Production Services segment offers completion and workover services, and ancillary services to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies. This segment provides service rigs for well completion, workover, abandonment, maintenance, and re-entry preparation services; snubbing units and coil tubing units for pressure control services; camp and catering services; and water system services, as well as is involved in the rental of oilfield surface equipment, and wellsite accommodations. This segment operated 156 well completion and workover service rigs, 17 snubbing units, and 4 coil tubing units in Canada and the United States; approximately 2,600 oilfield rental items, including surface storage, small-flow wastewater treatment, and power generation, and solids control equipment; and 221 wellsite accommodation units in Canada and 65 in the United States. It also had 50 drilling camps and 4 base camps in Canada; and 10 large-flow wastewater treatment units, 8 potable water production units, and 25 pump houses in Canada. Precision Drilling Corporation was founded in 1951 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.
Edge Therapeutics, Inc., a clinical-stage biotechnology company, discovers, develops, and commercializes hospital-based therapies for acute life-threatening neurological conditions. Its lead product candidate, EG-1962, a polymer-based microparticle used for the treatment of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage (cSDH). The company also develops other product candidates, which are in pre-clinical development stages, including EG-1964, to prevent recurrent bleeding after treatment for cSDH; and EG-1963, to prevent rebleeding following surgeries outside the brain. Edge Therapeutics, Inc. was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in Berkeley Heights, New Jersey.
Parsley Energy, Inc. is an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, development, exploration, and production of unconventional oil and natural gas properties in the Permian Basin.
HCP, Inc. (HCP) is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company invests primarily in real estate serving the healthcare industry in the United States. HCP acquires, develops, leases, manages and disposes of healthcare real estate and provides financing to healthcare providers. The Company's portfolio consists of investments in the five healthcare segments: senior housing, life science, medical office, post-acute/skilled nursing and hospital. The Company makes investments within its healthcare segments using the five investment products: properties under lease, debt investments, developments and redevelopments, investment management and RIDEA, which represents investments in senior housing operations. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company sold three senior housing facilities. In October 2012, Emeritus Corp announced that HCP closed the acquisition of 127 of the 133 senior housing communities.
Pebblebrook Hotel Trust is a publicly traded real estate investment trust ("REIT") and the largest owner of urban and resort lifestyle hotels in the United States. The Company owns 53 hotels, totaling approximately 13,200 guestrooms across 14 urban and resort markets, with a focus on the west coast gateway cities.
Pebblebrook Hotel Trust 6.50% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest
Pebblebrook Hotel Trust 6.375% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest
Pebblebrook Hotel Trust - 6.375% PRF PERPETUAL USD - Ser E
Pebblebrook Hotel Trust - 6.30% PRF PERPETUAL USD - Ser F
Peoples Bancorp of North Carolina, Inc. serves as the holding company for Peoples Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a state-chartered commercial bank serving the citizens and business interests of the Catawba Valley and surrounding communities through 22 banking offices located in Lincolnton, Newton, Denver, Catawba, Conover, Maiden, Claremont, Hiddenite, Hickory, Charlotte, Monroe, Cornelius, Mooresville and Raleigh North Carolina. The Bank also operates a loan production office in Denver, North Carolina. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had total assets of $1.1 billion, net loans of $653.9 million, deposits of $827.1 million, total securities of $327.1 million, and shareholders' equity of $103.0 million. The Bank operates four offices focused on the Latino population under the name Banco de la Gente (Banco). These offices are operated as a division of the Bank.
Peoples Bancorp Inc. (Peoples) operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Peoples Bank, National Association (Peoples Bank). As of December 31, 2012, its other wholly owned subsidiaries included Peoples Investment Company and PEBO Capital Trust I. Peoples Bank owned Peoples Insurance Agency, LLC (Peoples Insurance) and PBNA, L.L.C., an asset management company. Peoples Investment Company owned Peoples Capital Corporation. Its financial products and services are offered through its financial service locations and automated teller machines (ATMs) in Ohio, West Virginia and Kentucky, as well as telephone and Internet-based banking. Brokerage services are offered through an unaffiliated registered broker-dealer located at Peoples Bank's offices. In October 2013, Peoples Bancorp Inc announced that its banking subsidiary, Peoples Bank, National Association completed its acquisition of Ohio Commerce Bank.
Headquartered in South Burlington, VT, The Peck Company Holdings, Inc. is a 2nd-generation family business founded in 1972 and rooted in values that align people, purpose, and profitability. Ranked by Solar Power World as one of the leading commercial solar contractors in the Northeastern United States, the Company provides EPC services to solar energy customers for projects ranging in size from several kilowatts for residential properties to multi-megawatt systems for large commercial and utility scale projects. The Company has installed over 165 megawatts worth of solar systems since it started installing solar in 2012 and continues its focus on profitable growth opportunities.
PEDEVCO Corp., doing business as Pacific Energy Development, engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of oil and natural gas shale plays in the United States. The company??s principal asset is Denver-Julesberg (D-J) Basin asset comprising approximately 26,990 net acres located in the Weld and Morgan Counties, Colorado. As of February 5, 2015, it had interests in 53 gross wells; and produced approximately 994 barrels of oil equivalent per day. PEDEVCO Corp. has strategic alliances with Golden Globe Energy (US), LLC; MIE Holdings Corporation; and South Texas Reservoir Alliance, LLC. The company was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Danville, California.
Public Service Enterprise Group is a publicly traded diversified energy company with annual revenues of $9.1 billion and approximately 13,000 employees. Headquartered in Newark, New Jersey, PSEG's principal operating subsidiaries are: Public Service Electric and Gas Company (PSE&G), PSEG Power and PSEG Long Island. PSEG is a Fortune 500 company included in the S&P 500 Index and has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America for 11 consecutive years. ( pseg.com )
Pega is the leader in cloud software for customer engagement and operational excellence. The world's most recognized and successful brands rely on Pega's AI-powered software to optimize every customer interaction on any channel while ensuring their brand promises are kept. Pega's low-code application development platform allows enterprises to quickly build and evolve apps to meet their customer and employee needs and drive digital transformation on a global scale. For more than 35 years, Pega has enabled higher customer satisfaction, lower costs, and increased customer lifetime value.
Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) is a fully integrated, self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company has a primary investment focus on retail shopping malls located in the eastern half of the United States, primarily in the Mid-Atlantic region. As of December 31, 2012, the Company owned interests in 46 retail properties, of which 42 were operating properties, three were development properties and one was classified as held for sale. The 42 operating properties, which are classified in continuing operations, include 36 enclosed malls and six strip and power centers, have a total of 30.7 million square feet and operate in 12 states. In January 2013, the Company sold its interests in Paxton Towne Centre in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania and Phillipsburg Mall in Phillipsburg, New Jersey. In February 2013, the Company sold Orlando Fashion Square in Orlando, Florida. In November 2013, the Company sold Chambersburg Mall in Chambersburg, PA.
Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares Series B
Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 7.20% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares
Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 6.875% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares
Pacific Ethanol, Inc. (PEIX) is a leading producer of specialty alcohols and essential ingredients. The company is focused on products for four key markets: Health, Home & Beauty, Food & Beverage, Essential Ingredients and Renewable Fuels. The company?€?s customers include major food and beverage companies and consumer products companies. Pacific Ethanol?€?s subsidiary, Kinergy Marketing LLC, markets all specialty alcohol products for Pacific Ethanol?€?s distilleries as well as fuel grade ethanol for third parties. Pacific Ethanol?€?s subsidiary, Pacific Ag. Products LLC, markets wet and dry distillers grains.
Penumbra, Inc., headquartered in Alameda, California, is a global healthcare company focused on innovative therapies. Penumbra designs, develops, manufactures and markets novel products and has a broad portfolio that addresses challenging medical conditions in markets with significant unmet need. Penumbra sells its products to hospitals and healthcare providers primarily through its direct sales organization in the U.S., most of Europe, Canada and Australia, and through distributors in select international markets.
With the nation's largest and most diversified regional gaming footprint, including 41 properties across 19 states, Penn National continues to evolve into a highly innovative omni-channel provider of retail and online gaming, live racing and sports betting entertainment. The Company's properties feature approximately 50,000 gaming machines, 1,300 table games and 8,800 hotel rooms, and operate under various well-known brands, including Hollywood, Ameristar, and L'Auberge. Our wholly-owned interactive division, Penn Interactive, operates retail sports betting across the Company's portfolio, as well online social casino, bingo, and iCasino products. In February 2020, Penn National entered into a strategic partnership with Barstool Sports, whereby Barstool is exclusively promoting the Company's land-based and online casinos and sports betting products, including the Barstool Sportsbook mobile app, to its national audience. The Company's omni-channel approach is bolstered by the myChoice loyalty program, which rewards and recognizes its over 20 million members for their loyalty to both retail and online gaming and sports betting products with the most dynamic set of offers, experiences, and service levels in the industry. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES The Non-GAAP Financial Measures used in this press release include Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDAR. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, nor superior to, financial results and measures determined or calculated in accordance with GAAP. The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as earnings before interest expense, net; income taxes; depreciation and amortization; stock-based compensation; debt extinguishment and financing charges; impairment losses; insurance recoveries and deductible charges; changes in the estimated fair value of the Company?€?s contingent purchase price obligations; gain or loss on disposal of assets, the difference between budget and actual expense for cash-settled stock-based awards; pre-opening and acquisition costs; and other income or expenses. Adjusted EBITDA is inclusive of income or loss from unconsolidated affiliates, with the Company?€?s share of non-operating items (such as interest expense, net; income taxes; depreciation and amortization; and stock-based compensation expense) added back for Barstool Sports and the Company?€?s Kansas Entertainment joint venture. Adjusted EBITDA is inclusive of rent expense associated with the Company?€?s triple net operating leases. Although Adjusted EBITDA includes rent expense associated with the Company?€?s triple net operating leases, the Company believes Adjusted EBITDA is useful as a supplemental measure in evaluating the performance of the Company?€?s consolidated results of operations. Adjusted EBITDA has economic substance because it is used by management as a performance measure to analyze the performance of the Company?€?s business, and is especially relevant in evaluating large, long-lived casino-hotel projects because it provides a perspective on the current effects of operating decisions separated from the substantial non-operational depreciation charges and financing costs of such projects. The Company presents Adjusted EBITDA because it is used by some investors and creditors as an indicator of the strength and performance of ongoing business operations, including the Company?€?s ability to service debt, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions and operations. These calculations are commonly used as a basis for investors, analysts and credit rating agencies to evaluate and compare operating performance and value companies within the industry in which the Company operates. In order to view the operations of their casinos on a more stand-alone basis, gaming companies, including us, have historically excluded from their Adjusted EBITDA calculations certain corporate expenses that do not relate to the management of specific casino properties. However, Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of performance or liquidity calculated in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA information is presented as a supplemental disclosure, as management believes that it is a commonly-used measure of performance in the gaming industry and that it is considered by many to be a key indicator of the Company?€?s operating results. The Company defines Adjusted EBITDAR as Adjusted EBITDA (as defined above) plus rent expense associated with triple net operating leases (which is a normal, recurring cash operating expense necessary to operate the Company?€?s business). Adjusted EBITDAR is presented on a consolidated basis outside the financial statements solely as a valuation metric. Management believes that Adjusted EBITDAR is an additional metric traditionally used by analysts in valuing gaming companies subject to triple net leases since it eliminates the effects of variability in leasing methods and capital structures. This metric is included as supplemental disclosure because (i) the Company believes Adjusted EBITDAR is traditionally used by gaming operator analysts and investors to determine the equity value of gaming operators and (ii) Adjusted EBITDAR is one of the metrics used by other financial analysts in valuing the Company?€?s business. The Company believes Adjusted EBITDAR is useful for equity valuation purposes because (i) its calculation isolates the effects of financing real estate; and (ii) using a multiple of Adjusted EBITDAR to calculate enterprise value allows for an adjustment to the balance sheet to recognize estimated liabilities arising from operating leases related to real estate. However, Adjusted EBITDAR when presented on a consolidated basis is not a financial measure in accordance with GAAP and should not be viewed as a measure of overall operating performance or considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income because it excludes the rent expense associated with the Company?€?s triple net operating leases and is provided for the limited purposes referenced herein. Each of these non-GAAP financial measures is not calculated in the same manner by all companies and, accordingly, may not be an appropriate measure of comparing performance among different companies. A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDAR and Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss) is set forth below. The Company does not provide reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDAR to net income (loss) on a forward-looking basis because the Company is unable to forecast the amount or significance of certain items required to develop meaningful comparable GAAP financial measures without unreasonable efforts. These items include gains or losses on sale or consolidation transactions, accelerated depreciation, impairment charges, gains or losses on retirement of debt, income taxes, which are difficult to predict and estimate and are primarily dependent on future events, but which are excluded from the Company?€?s calculations of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDAR. The following table includes a reconciliation of net income (loss), which is determined in accordance with GAAP, to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDAR, which are non-GAAP financial measures, as well as related margins: For the year ended December 31, (dollars in millions) 2019 2018 2017 Net income (loss) $ 43.1 $ 93.5 $ 473.4 Income tax expense (benefit) 43.0 (3.6 ) (498.5 ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt - 21.0 24.0 Loss (income) from unconsolidated affiliates (28.4 ) (22.3 ) (18.7 ) Interest expense, net 534.2 538.4 463.2 Other expense (income) (20.0 ) 7.1 2.3 Operating income (loss) 571.9 634.1 445.7 Stock-based compensation (1) 14.9 12.0 7.8 Cash-settled stock-based award variance (1)(2) 0.8 (19.6 ) 23.4 Loss (gain) on disposal of assets (1) 5.5 3.2 0.2 Contingent purchase price (1) 7.0 0.5 (6.8 ) Pre-opening and acquisition costs (1) 22.3 95.0 9.7 Depreciation and amortization 414.2 269.0 267.1 Impairment losses 173.1 34.9 18.0 Provision for (recoveries on) loan loss and unfunded loan commitments - (17.0 ) 89.8 Insurance recoveries, net of deductible charges (1) (3.0 ) (0.1 ) (0.3 ) Income from unconsolidated affiliates 28.4 22.3 18.7 Non-operating items for Kansas JV (3) 3.7 5.1 5.8 Adjusted EBITDA 1,238.8 1,039.4 879.1 Rent expense associated with triple net operating leases (1) 366.4 3.8 - Adjusted EBITDAR $ 1,605.2 $ 1,043.2 $ 879.1 Net income margin 0.8 % 2.6 % 15.0 % Adjusted EBITDAR margin 30.3 % 29.1 % 27.9 % (1) These items are included in ?€?General and administrative?€? within the Company?€?s Consolidated Statements of Income. (2) Our cash-settled stock-based awards are adjusted to fair value each reporting period based primarily on the price of the Company?€?s common stock. As such, significant fluctuations in the price of the Company?€?s common stock during any reporting period could cause significant variances to budget on cash-settled stock-based awards. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the price of the Company?€?s common stock increased, which resulted in an unfavorable variance to budget. During the year ended December 31, 2018, the price of the Company?€?s common stock decreased, which resulted in a favorable variance to budget. (3) Consists principally of depreciation and amortization associated with the operations of Hollywood Casino at Kansas Speedway. The following table includes a reconciliation of net income (loss), which is determined in accordance with GAAP, to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDAR, which are non-GAAP financial measures, as well as related margins: (dollars in millions) For the six months ended June 30, 2020 Net income (loss) $ (823.0 ) Income tax expense (benefit) (157.9 ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt - Loss (income) from unconsolidated affiliates (2.4 ) Interest expense, net 264.8 Other expense (income) (7.5 ) Operating income (loss) (726.0 ) Stock-based compensation (1) 8.9 Cash-settled stock-based award variance (1)(2) 7.2 Loss (gain) on disposal of assets (1) (27.9 ) Contingent purchase price (1) (1.4 ) Pre-opening and acquisition costs (1) 6.7 Depreciation and amortization 187.6 Impairment losses 616.1 Insurance recoveries, net of deductible charges (1) (0.1 ) Income from unconsolidated affiliates 2.4 Non-operating items of equity method investments (3) 2.0 Adjusted EBITDA 75.5 Rent expense associated with triple net operating leases (1) 201.3 Adjusted EBITDAR $ 276.8 Net income (loss) margin -57.9 % Adjusted EBITDAR margin 19.5 % (1) These items are included in ?€?General and administrative?€? within the Company?€?s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. (2) The Company?€?s cash-settled stock-based awards are adjusted to fair value each reporting period based primarily on the price of the Company?€?s common stock. As such, significant fluctuations in the price of the Company?€?s common stock during any reporting period could cause significant variances to budget on cash-settled stock-based awards. During the six months ended June 30, 2020, the price of the Company?€?s common stock increased significantly, which resulted in unfavorable variances to budget. (3) Consists principally of interest expense, net; income taxes; depreciation and amortization; and stock-based compensation expense associated with Barstool Sports and our Kansas Entertainment joint venture.
PepsiCo products are enjoyed by consumers more than one billion times a day in more than 200 countries and territories around the world. PepsiCo generated more than??$67 billion??in net revenue in 2019, driven by a complementary food and beverage portfolio that includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. PepsiCo's product portfolio includes a wide range of enjoyable foods and beverages, including 23 brands that generate more than??$1 billion??each in estimated annual retail sales. Guiding PepsiCo is our vision to Be the Global Leader in Convenient Foods and Beverages by Winning with Purpose. "Winning with Purpose" reflects our ambition to win sustainably in the marketplace and embed purpose into all aspects of the business.
Perion is a global technology company that provides agencies, brands and publishers with innovative solutions that cover the three main pillars of digital advertising. From its data-driven Synchronized Digital Branding platform and high-impact ad formats in the display domain; to its powerful social media platform; to its branded search network, Perion is well-positioned to capitalize on any changes in marketers?€? allocation of digital advertising spend.
Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc. is a nuclear and waste management services company, and leading provider of nuclear and mixed waste management services. Its nuclear waste services include managing and treating radioactive and mixed waste for hospitals, research labs and institutions, federal agencies, including the DOE and Defense ("DOD"), and the commercial sector. The nuclear services group delivers project management and waste management, environmental restoration, decontamination and decommissioning, new build construction, and radiological protection, safety and industrial hygiene capability to clients. Perma-Fix operates four nuclear waste treatment facilities and provides nuclear services at DOE, DOD, and commercial facilities, nationwide.
PetIQ is a leading, rapidly growing pet health and wellness company.  Through over 40,000 points of distribution across retail and e-commerce channels, PetIQ and VIP Petcare, a wholly-owned subsidiary, have a mission to make pet lives better by educating pet parents on the importance of offering regular, convenient access and affordable choices for pet preventive and wellness veterinary products and services.  PetIQ believes that pets are an important part of the family and deserve the best products and care we can give them. For more information, visit www.PetIQ.com.
PetMed Express, Inc. (PetMed Express) and its subsidiaries, doing business as 1-800-PetMeds, is a pet pharmacy. The Company markets prescription and non-prescription pet medications, and other health products for dogs and cats, direct to the consumer. The Company markets its products through national television, online, and direct mail/print advertising campaigns. The Company offers a selection of products for dogs and cats. As of March 31, 2013, the Company's product line contains approximately stock keeping units (SKUS). These products include brands of medication, such as Frontline Plus, K9 Advantix II, Advantage II, Heartgard Plus, Sentinel, Revolution, and Rimadyl. It also offers for sale additional pet supplies on its Website, which are drop shipped to its customers by third parties. These pet supplies include food, beds, crates, stairs, strollers, and other pet supplies.
TDH Holdings Inc
Preferred Bank is one of the larger independent commercial banks headquartered in California. The Bank is chartered by the State of California, and its deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, to the maximum extent permitted by law. The Bank conducts its banking business from its main office in Los Angeles, California, and through eleven full-service branch banking offices in California (Alhambra, Century City, City of Industry, Torrance, Arcadia, Irvine, Diamond Bar, Pico Rivera, Tarzana and San Francisco (2)) and one branch in Flushing, New York. Preferred Bank offers a broad range of deposit and loan products and services to both commercial and consumer customers. The Bank provides personalized deposit services as well as real estate finance, commercial loans and trade finance to small and mid-sized businesses, entrepreneurs, real estate developers, professionals and high net worth individuals. Although originally founded as a Chinese-American Bank, Preferred Bank now derives most of its customers from the diversified mainstream market but does continue to benefit from the significant migration to California of ethnic Chinese from China and other areas of East Asia.
Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc., a multi-bank holding company, provides community banking services to individuals and small-to-medium sized businesses. It accepts various deposit products, including checking accounts, NOW accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, club accounts, individual retirement accounts, certificates of deposit, and overdraft protection. The company also offers various lending products comprising loans secured by 1-4 family real estate, multifamily residential real estate, owner occupied non-farm non-residential real estate, and non-farm non-residential real estate properties; commercial loans that are secured by business assets consisting of real estate, equipment, inventory, and accounts receivable; industrial loans; financing services for automobile; personal loans, such as unsecured lines of credit; and other loans, such as commercial and residential construction loans, loans secured by farmland, agricultural loans, and loans to tax-exempt entities. In addition, it provides depository and funds transfer services; collections; safe deposit boxes; cash management services; and bill payment, telephone banking, and Internet banking services, as well as other services. As of March 1, 2014, the company operated 8 banking offices in Kentucky, 5 banking offices in Ohio, 14 banking offices in West Virginia, 4 banking offices in Washington DC, 2 banking offices in Maryland, and 2 banking offices in Virginia. Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc. was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Huntington, West Virginia.
Premier Financial Corp., headquartered in Defiance, Ohio, is the holding company for Premier Bank and First Insurance Group. Premier Bank, headquartered in Youngstown, Ohio, operates 78 branches, 12 loan offices and 2 wealth offices in Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Pennsylvania and West Virginia (West Virginia office operates as ?€?Home Savings Bank?€?). First Insurance Group is a full-service insurance agency with 10 offices in Ohio including James & Sons Insurance in Youngstown, Ohio.
At Pfizer Oncology, we are committed to advancing medicines wherever we believe we can make a meaningful difference in the lives of people living with cancer. Today, we have an industry-leading portfolio of 23 approved innovative cancer medicines and biosimilars across more than 30 indications, including breast, genitourinary, colorectal, blood and lung cancers, as well as melanoma. Pfizer Inc.: Breakthroughs that change patients?€? lives At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products, including innovative medicines and vaccines. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us.
SM : Business Owners The Principal Financial Well-Being Index SM : Business Owners surveyed decision makers and business leaders aged 21 and over who work at companies with 2 ?€? 10,000 employees. This nation-wide survey, commissioned since 2012, examines the financial well-being of American workers and business employers. The survey was conducted online by Dynata from June 5 - 11, 2020. The research report focuses on providing a holistic perspective on key trends and timely issues in the small and medium business market. Principal developed a dedicated portal for employers designed to help business handle the effects of COVID-19 and a challenging economy in the months ahead. Content includes articles related to cash flow, recovery plans and current national business legislation, as well as loan forgiveness calculators and ways to manage employee benefits. To learn more visit Navigating Business Now. About Principal ?? Principal helps people and companies around the world build, protect and advance their financial well-being through retirement, insurance and asset management solutions that fit their lives. Our employees are passionate about helping clients of all income and portfolio sizes achieve their goals ?€? offering innovative ideas, investment expertise and real-life solutions to make financial progress possible.
Built on the many proud histories of our family of companies, Performance Food Group is a customer-centric foodservice distribution leader headquartered in Richmond, Virginia. Grounded by roots that date back to a grocery peddler in 1885, PFG today has a nationwide network of over 100 distribution facilities, thousands of talented associates and valued suppliers across the country. With the goal of helping our customers thrive, we market and deliver quality food and related products to over 200,000 locations including independent and chain restaurants, schools, business and industry locations, healthcare facilities, vending distributors, office coffee service distributors, big box retailers, theaters and convenience stores. Building strong relationships is core to PFG?€?s success ?€? from connecting associates with great career opportunities to connecting valued suppliers and quality products with PFG?€?s broad and diverse customer base.
Corporate Asset Backed Corp. Trust JCP 7.675%
Professional Holding Corp. is the financial holding company for Professional Bank, a Florida state-chartered bank established in 2008. Professional Bank focuses on providing creative, relationship-driven commercial banking products and services designed to meet the needs of small to medium-sized businesses, the owners and operators of these businesses, other professional entrepreneurs and high net worth individuals. Professional Bank currently operates through a network of three banking centers and four loan production offices in the Miami Metropolitan Statistical Area, as well as its Digital Innovation Center located in Cleveland, Ohio. As of December 31, 2019, the Company had total consolidated assets of approximately $1.05 billion.
Profire Energy assists energy production companies in the safe and efficient production and transportation of oil and natural gas. As energy companies seek greater safety for their employees, compliance with more stringent regulatory standards, and enhanced margins with their energy production processes, Profire Energy's burner management products are continuing to be a key part of their solutions. Profire Energy has offices in Lindon, Utah; Victoria, Texas; Homer, Pennsylvania; Greeley, Colorado; Millersburg, Ohio; and Acheson, Alberta, Canada.
P&F Industries, Inc. (P&F) operates in two primary lines of business, or segments: tools and other products (Tools) and hardware and accessories (Hardware). The Company conducts its Tools business through a wholly owned subsidiary, Continental Tool Group, Inc., which in turn operates through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation (Florida Pneumatic) and Hy-Tech Machine, Inc. (Hy-Tech). The Company conducts its Hardware business through a wholly owned subsidiary, Countrywide Hardware, Inc. (Countrywide). During the year ended December 31, 2011, Countrywide conducted its business operations through its wholly owned subsidiary, Nationwide Industries, Inc.. Florida Pneumatic imports and sells pneumatic hand tools of its own design, primarily for the retail, industrial and automotive markets. During 2011, it purchased approximately 57% of its pneumatic tools from a Far East manufacturer that owns or represents six individual factories in China.
Peoples Financial Services Corp. (PFSC) is a bank holding company. The Company provides a range of financial services through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Peoples Neighborhood Bank (The Bank), including its subsidiaries, Peoples Advisors, LLC, Peoples Financial Leasing, LLC and Peoples Investment Holdings, LLC; and Peoples Financial Capital Corporation. The Bank services its retail and commercial customers through 11 full-service community banking offices located within the Lackawanna, Susquehanna and Wyoming counties of Northern Pennsylvania and Broome county of Southern New York. The Bank's primary product is loans to small- and medium-sized businesses. Other lending products include one-to-four family residential mortgages and consumer loans. Peoples Wealth Management, a division of Peoples Advisors, LLC, provides an array of wealth management products and services to individuals, small businesses and nonprofit entities.
PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. (PennantPark Floating Rate Capital) is a development-stage company. PennantPark Floating Rate Capital is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified investment company. The Company's investment objective is to seek high current income. It focuses to achieve its investment objective by investing primarily in floating rate loans and other instruments made to private middle-market companies whose debt is rated below investment grade. PennantPark Floating Rate Capital is managed by PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC (Investment Adviser), and PennantPark Investment Administration provides the administrative services necessary for the Company to operate.
Performant Financial Corporation is a leading provider of technology-enabled recovery and related analytics services. The Company's services help identify and recover delinquent or defaulted assets and improper payments for various government, healthcare and financial services markets in the United States. The Company was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in Livermore, California.
Proofpoint, Inc. is a leading cybersecurity and compliance company that protects organizations?€? greatest assets and biggest risks: their people. With an integrated suite of cloud-based solutions, Proofpoint helps companies around the world stop targeted threats, safeguard their data, and make their users more resilient against cyber attacks. Leading organizations of all sizes, including more than half of the Fortune 1000, rely on Proofpoint for people-centric security and compliance solutions that mitigate their most critical risks across email, the cloud, social media, and the web.
Provident Financial Services, Inc., is the holding company for Provident Bank, a community-oriented bank offering ?€?commitment you can count on?€? since 1839. Provident Bank provides a comprehensive array of financial products and services through its network of branches throughout northern and central New Jersey, as well as Bucks, Lehigh and Northampton counties in Pennsylvania and Queens County in New York. The Bank also provides fiduciary and wealth management services through its wholly owned subsidiary, Beacon Trust Company and full service insurance agency and brokerage services through its wholly owned subsidiary, SB One Insurance Agency, Inc. The Provident Bank Foundation has supported all of its markets and communities with assistance with housing, education, health and home care for over 15 years. For more information about Provident, please visit www.provident.bank.
PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. is a specialty financial services firm with a comprehensive mortgage platform and integrated business focused on the production and servicing of U.S. mortgage loans and the management of investments related to the U.S. mortgage market.
, Inc. PFSweb is a global commerce services company that manages the online customer shopping experience on behalf of major branded manufacturers and retailers. Across two business units ?€? LiveArea for data-driven marketing and omnichannel experience design through technology selection, platform implementation and orchestrated services, and PFS for order fulfilment, contact center, payment processing/fraud management, and order management services ?€? they provide solutions to a broad range of Fortune 500?? companies and household brand names such as Procter & Gamble, L?€?Or??al USA, ASICS, Pandora, Ralph Lauren, Shiseido Americas, the United States Mint, and many more. PFSweb enables these brands to provide a more convenient and brand-centric online shopping experience through both traditional and online business channels. The company is headquartered in Allen, TX with additional locations around the globe.
P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always??, Ambi Pur??, Ariel??, Bounty??, Charmin??, Crest??, Dawn??, Downy??, Fairy??, Febreze??, Gain??, Gillette??, Head & Shoulders??, Lenor??, Olay??, Oral-B??, Pampers??, Pantene??, SK-II??, Tide??, Vicks??, and Whisper??. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide.
Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation is a bank holding company. Peapack-Gladstone Bank (the Bank), is the Company's principal subsidiary. The Bank is a state chartered commercial bank. The Bank offers financial services through 23 full-service banking offices. As of December 31, 2011, the Bank had 10 branches in Somerset County, six in Morris County, four in Hunterdon County, one in Middlesex County and two in Union County, and leases 11 branches. Commercial loan customers of the Bank are business people. Most forms of commercial lending are offered, including working capital lines of credit, term loans for fixed asset acquisitions, commercial mortgages and other forms of asset-based financing. In addition to commercial lending activities, the Bank offers a range of consumer banking services, including checking and savings accounts, money market and interest-bearing checking accounts, certificates of deposit, and individual retirement accounts held in certificates of deposit.
Intrexon Corporation is Powering the Bioindustrial Revolution with Better DNA ?? to create biologically-based products that improve the quality of life and the health of the planet through two operating units ?€? Intrexon Health and Intrexon Bioengineering. Intrexon Health is focused on addressing unmet medical needs through a diverse spectrum of therapeutic modalities, including gene and cell therapies, microbial bioproduction, and regenerative medicine. Intrexon Bioengineering seeks to address global challenges across food, agriculture, environmental, energy, and industrial fields by advancing biologically engineered solutions to improve sustainability and efficiency. Our integrated technology suite provides industrial-scale design and development of complex biological systems delivering unprecedented control, quality, function, and performance of living cells. We call our synthetic biology approach Better DNA ??, and we invite you to discover more at www.dna.com or follow us on Twitter at @Intrexon, on Facebook, and LinkedIn. About Precigen : Advancing Medicine with Precision??? Precigen is a dedicated discovery and clinical stage biopharmaceutical company advancing the next generation of gene and cellular therapies using precision technology to target the most urgent and intractable diseases in immuno-oncology, autoimmune disorders, and infectious diseases. Precigen also follows the science opportunistically in pursuit of promising programs in emerging therapeutics. Our technologies enable us to find innovative solutions for affordable biotherapeutics in a controlled manner. Precigen operates as an innovation engine progressing a preclinical and clinical pipeline of well-differentiated unique therapies toward clinical proof-of-concept and commercialization. Precigen was founded as a wholly owned subsidiary of Intrexon Corporation and leverages a diverse portfolio of technology platforms to advance human health.
Progyny Inc
The??Progressive Group of Insurance Companies??makes it easy to understand, buy and use auto insurance. Progressive??offers??choices??so consumers can reach us whenever, wherever and however it's most convenient - online at progressive.com, by phone at??1-800-PROGRESSIVE, on a mobile device or in-person with a local agent. Progressive??provides insurance for personal and commercial autos and trucks, motorcycles, boats, recreational vehicles, and homes; it is the third largest auto insurer in the country, a leading seller of motorcycle and commercial auto insurance, and one of the top 15 homeowners insurance carriers. Founded in 1937, Progressive continues its long history of offering shopping tools and services that save customers time and money, like Name Your Price??, Snapshot??, and HomeQuote Explorer??. The Common Shares of The Progressive Corporation, the Mayfield Village, Ohio -based holding company, trade publicly atNYSE: PGR. SOURCE Progressive Insurance
Headquartered in New York City, Paramount is a fully-integrated real estate investment trust that owns, operates, manages, acquires and redevelops high-quality, Class A office properties located in select central business district submarkets of New York City and San Francisco. Paramount is focused on maximizing the value of its portfolio by leveraging the sought after locations of its assets and its proven property management capabilities to attract and retain high-quality tenants.
PGT, Inc. is a manufacturer and supplier of residential impact-resistant windows and doors. The Company's impact-resistant products are marketed under the WinGuard, PremierVue and PGT Architectural Systems brand names, and combine aluminum or vinyl frames with laminated glass to provide protection from hurricane-force winds and wind-borne debris by maintaining their structural integrity and preventing penetration by impacting objects. The Company also manufactures non-impact resistant products in both aluminum and vinyl frames including its SpectraGuard line of products. As of December 31, 2012, the geographic regions in which the Company operates include the Southeastern United States, Gulf Coast, Coastal mid-Atlantic, the Caribbean, Central America, and Canada. In October 2012, the Company accepted an offer to sell its former Salisbury, North Carolina facility and on January 23, 2013, the sale closed.
Parker Hannifin is a Fortune 250 global leader in motion and control technologies. For more than a century the company has been enabling engineering breakthroughs that lead to a better tomorrow. Parker has increased its annual dividend per share paid to shareholders for 64 consecutive fiscal years, among the top five longest-running dividend-increase records in the S&P 500 index.
PhaseBio Pharmaceuticals Inc - Ordinary Shares
Phathom Pharmaceuticals Inc
Puhui Wealth Investment Management Company Ltd - Ordinary Shares
Royal Philips (NYSE: PHG, AEX: PHIA) is a leading health technology company focused on improving people's health and enabling better outcomes across the health continuum from healthy living and prevention, to diagnosis, treatment and home care. Philips leverages advanced technology and deep clinical and consumer insights to deliver integrated solutions. Headquartered in the Netherlands, the company is a leader in diagnostic imaging, image-guided therapy, patient monitoring and health informatics, as well as in consumer health and home care. Philips generated 2019 sales of EUR 19.5 billion and employs approximately 81,000 employees with sales and services in more than 100 countries. News about Philips can be found at www.philips.com/newscenter. SOURCE Philips Oral Healthcare Related Links http://www.philips.com
Chardan Healthcare Acquisition Corp
Chardan Healthcare Acquisition Corp. Units each consisting of one share of common stock $0.0001 par value and one Warrant entitling the holder to purchase one-h
Chardan Healthcare Acquisition Corp Warrants
The Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company (PLDT) is a telecommunications service provider in the Philippines. Through the Company's three principal business segments, wireless, fixed line and BPO, the Company offers the diversified range of telecommunications services across the Philippines' fiber optic backbone and wireless, fixed line and satellite networks. The Company provides cellular and wireless broadband, satellite and other services through its wireless business. The Company is the provider of fixed line telecommunications services, servicing retail, corporate and small medium enterprise (SME), clients. On December 4, 2012, the Company sold its BPO segment.
Population Health Investment Co Inc - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Phio Pharmaceuticals Corp. is a biotechnology company developing the next generation of immuno-oncology therapeutics based on its self-delivering RNAi (INTASYL???) therapeutic platform. The Company's efforts are focused on silencing tumor-induced suppression of the immune system through its proprietary INTASYL platform with utility in immune cells and the tumor micro-environment. Our goal is to develop powerful INTASYL therapeutic compounds that can weaponize immune effector cells to overcome tumor immune escape, thereby providing patients a powerful new treatment option that goes beyond current treatment modalities.

Pulte Homes is a national brand of PulteGroup, Inc.. Pulte Homes builds consumer inspired homes and communities that provide the move-up buyer the best quality of life. Only Pulte Homes offers the combination of innovative Life Tested Home Designs?? with an unwavering commitment to quality and attention to detail.
Phreesia Inc
Everything You Need to Succeed on Mobile ?€? Transforming Digital Human Experience Phunware, Inc., is the pioneer of Multiscreen-as-a-Service (MaaS), an award-winning, fully integrated enterprise cloud platform for mobile that provides companies the products, solutions, data and services necessary to engage, manage and monetize their mobile application portfolios and audiences globally at scale. Phunware?€?s Software Development Kits (SDKs) include location-based services, mobile engagement, content management, messaging, advertising, loyalty ( PhunCoin & Phun ) and analytics, as well as a mobile application framework of pre-integrated iOS and Android software modules for building in-house or channel-based mobile application and vertical solutions. Phunware helps the world?€?s most respected brands create category-defining mobile experiences, with more than one billion active devices touching its platform each month.

Panhandle Oil and Gas Inc. (Panhandle) is engaged in the acquisition, management and development of oil and natural gas properties, including wells located on its mineral and leasehold acreage. Panhandle's mineral and leasehold properties are located primarily in Arkansas, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma and Texas, with properties also located in several other states. The majority of its oil and natural gas production is from wells located in Oklahoma. Approximately over 85% of Panhandle's revenues are derived from the production and sale of oil and natural gas. Exploration and development of its oil and natural gas properties are conducted in association with oil and natural gas exploration and production companies, primarily larger independent companies. It does not operate any of its oil and natural gas properties, but has been an active working interest participant for many years in wells drilled on its mineral properties and on third-party drilling prospects.
Impinj helps businesses and people analyze, optimize, and innovate by wirelessly connecting billions of everyday things ?€? such as apparel, automobile parts, luggage, and shipments ?€? to the Internet. The Impinj platform uses RAIN RFID to deliver timely data about these everyday things to business and consumer applications, enabling a boundless Internet of Things. www.impinj.com

Prime Impact Acquisition I - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Prime Impact Acquisition I - Warrants (01/10/2030)

Pivotal Investment Corporation II Units
Pivotal Investment Corp II Warrants 01062025
As of June 30, 2020, our primary holding was Vidler Water Company, Inc. (?€?Vidler?€?), a water resource and water storage business, with assets and operations primarily in the Southwestern U.S. Currently, we believe the highest potential return to shareholders is from a return of capital. As we monetize assets, rather than reinvest the proceeds, we intend to return capital to shareholders through a stock repurchase program or by other means such as special dividends. Nonetheless, we may, from time to time, reinvest a portion of proceeds from asset monetizations in further development of existing assets, if we believe the returns on such reinvestment outweigh the benefits of a return of capital. OTHER INFORMATION At June 30, 2020, we had a market capitalization of $160.4 million, and 19,027,285 shares outstanding.
1347 Property Insurance Holdings, Inc. is implementing business plans to operate as a diversified insurance, reinsurance and investment management holding company and is incorporated in Delaware. The Company endeavors to make opportunistic and value-oriented investments in insurance, reinsurance and related businesses. The Company?€?s principal business operations are conducted through its subsidiaries and affiliates. The Company also provides investment management services to unaffiliated companies.
1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc - 8% PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 - Ser A
As the global leader in powersports, Polaris Inc. pioneers product breakthroughs and enriching experiences and services that have invited people to discover the joy of being outdoors since our founding in 1954. With annual 2019 sales of $6.8 billion, Polaris?€? high-quality product line-up includes the Polaris RANGER, RZR and GENERAL side-by-side off-road vehicles; Sportsman all-terrain off-road vehicles; Indian Motorcycle mid-size and heavyweight motorcycles; Slingshot moto-roadsters; snowmobiles; and deck, cruiser and pontoon boats, including industry-leading Bennington pontoons. Polaris enhances the riding experience with parts, garments and accessories, along with a growing aftermarket portfolio, including TransAmerica Auto Parts. Polaris?€? presence in adjacent markets includes military and commercial off-road vehicles, quadricycles, and electric vehicles. Proudly headquartered in Minnesota, Polaris serves more than 100 countries across the globe. www.polaris.com.
Premier Inc. is a leading healthcare improvement company, uniting an alliance of more than 4,100 U.S. hospitals and health systems and approximately 200,000 other providers and organizations to transform healthcare. With integrated data and analytics, collaboratives, supply chain solutions, and consulting and other services, Premier enables better care and outcomes at a lower cost. Premier plays a critical role in the rapidly evolving healthcare industry, collaborating with members to co-develop long-term innovations that reinvent and improve the way care is delivered to patients nationwide. Headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., Premier is passionate about transforming American healthcare.
Alpine Income Property Trust, Inc. is a publicly traded real estate investment trust that acquires, owns and operates a portfolio of high-quality single-tenant net leased commercial income properties. We encourage you to review our most recent investor presentation which is available on our website at http://www.alpinereit.com.
Ping Indentity Holding Corp
Pinterest Inc
Pine Island Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Piper Jaffray is a leading investment bank and institutional securities firm driven to help clients Realize the Power of Partnership??. Through a distinct combination of candid counsel, focused expertise and empowered employees, we deliver insight and impact to each and every relationship. Our proven advisory teams combine deep product and sector expertise with ready access to global capital. Founded in 1895, the firm is headquartered in Minneapolis with offices across the United States and in Hong Kong, Aberdeen and London. www.piperjaffray.com About Tortoise Tortoise invests in essential assets ?€? those assets and services that are indispensable to the economy and society. Tortoise?€?s solid track record of energy value chain investment experience and research dates back more than 15 years. Tortoise?€?s infrastructure expertise includes midstream energy, renewables and water. With a steady wins approach and a long-term perspective, Tortoise strives to make a positive impact on clients and communities.
Pieris is a clinical-stage biotechnology company that discovers and develops Anticalin protein-based drugs to target validated disease pathways in a unique and transformative way. Our pipeline includes inhalable Anticalin proteins to treat respiratory diseases and immuno-oncology multi-specifics tailored for the tumor microenvironment. Proprietary to Pieris, Anticalin proteins are a novel class of therapeutics validated in the clinic and by partnerships with leading pharmaceutical companies. Anticalin?? is a registered trademark of Pieris.
ShiftPixy provides a disruptive human capital management platform, revolutionizing employment in the Gig Economy by delivering a next-gen mobile engagement technology to help businesses with shift-based employees navigate regulatory mandates, minimize administrative burdens and better connect with a ready-for-hire workforce. With expertise rooted in management's nearly 25 years of workers' compensation and compliance programs experience, ShiftPixy adds a needed layer for addressing compliance and continued demands for equitable employment practices in the growing Gig Economy.
PJT Partners is a premier global advisory-focused investment bank. Our team of senior professionals delivers a wide array of strategic advisory, shareholder advisory, strategic capital markets, restructuring and special situations and private fund advisory and fundraising services to corporations, financial sponsors, institutional investors and governments around the world. We offer a unique portfolio of advisory services designed to help our clients achieve their strategic objectives. We also provide, through PJT Park Hill, private fund advisory and fundraising services for alternative investment managers, including private equity funds, real estate funds and hedge funds.
Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. is the second largest publicly traded lodging real estate investment trust with a diverse portfolio of market-leading hotels and resorts with significant underlying real estate value. Park?€?s portfolio currently consists of 60 premium-branded hotels and resorts with over 33,000 rooms located in prime U.S. markets with high barriers to entry.
Parke Bancorp, Inc. was incorporated in January 2005, while Parke Bank commenced operations in January 1999. Parke Bancorp and Parke Bank maintain their principal offices at 601 Delsea Drive, Washington Township, New Jersey. Parke Bank conducts business through a branch office in Northfield, New Jersey, two branch offices in Washington Township, New Jersey, a branch office in Galloway Township, New Jersey, a branch office in Collingswood, New Jersey, a branch in center city Philadelphia and a branch in Chinatown in Philadelphia. Parke Bank is a full service commercial bank, with an emphasis on providing personal and business financial services to individuals and small-sized businesses primarily in Gloucester, Atlantic and Cape May counties in New Jersey and Philadelphia and surrounding counties in Pennsylvania. Parke Bank's deposits are insured up to the maximum legal amount by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). Parke Bancorp's common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol "PKBK".
Park Electrochemical Corp. (Park) through its subsidiaries, is a global advanced materials company, which develops, manufactures, markets and sells high-technology digital and radio frequency (RF)/microwave printed circuit materials products principally for the telecommunications and Internet infrastructure and high-end computing markets and advanced composite materials, parts and assemblies products principally for the aerospace markets. Park's core capabilities are in the areas of polymer chemistry formulation and coating technology. Park operates through integrated business units in Asia, Europe and North America. The Company's manufacturing facilities are located in Singapore, France, Kansas, Arizona and California. The Company's advanced composite materials are developed and manufactured by its subsidiary Park Aerospace Technologies Corp. (PATC).
Packaging Corporation of America is a producer of containerboard in the United States. The Company's corrugated products manufacturing plants produce a variety of corrugated packaging products, including conventional shipping containers used to protect and transport manufactured goods, multi-color boxes and displays. In addition, it is a producer of meat boxes and wax-coated boxes for the agricultural industry. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company produced 2.6 million tons of containerboard at its mills. The Company's corrugated products manufacturing plants sold about 34.7 billion square feet. In 2012, it produced 1.6 million tons of kraft linerboard at its mills in Counce, Tennessee and Valdosta, Georgia, and one million tons of semi-chemical corrugating medium at its mills in Tomahawk, Wisconsin and Filer City, Michigan. In October 2013, the Company acquired Boise Inc.
PerkinElmer, Inc. is a global leader focused on innovating for a healthier world. The Company reported revenue of approximately $2.9 billion in 2019, has about 13,000 employees serving customers in 190 countries, and is a component of the S&P 500 Index.
Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. (Holdings) conducts its business primarily through the subsidiaries owned by its direct subsidiary, Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. (Park-Ohio). It is an industrial supply chain logistics and diversified manufacturing business operating in three segments: Supply Technologies, Aluminum Products and Manufactured Products. Supply Technologies provides the Company's customers with Total Supply Management services for a range of specialty production components. Its Aluminum Products business manufactures cast and machined aluminum components, and the Company's Manufactured Products business is a manufacturer of engineered industrial products. The Company's businesses serve industrial original equipment manufacturers in a variety of industrial sectors. On March 26, 2012, it acquired Fluid Routing Solutions Inc. In April 2013, the Company Fluid Routing Solutions (FRS) business acquired all of the assets of Bates Acquisition LLC and Bates Real Estate Acquisition, LLC.
POSCO is a Korea-based company engaged in the manufacture of steel products. Along with its subsidiaries, the Company operates in steel business, engaged in the manufacture of hot rolled steels, steel plates, wire rods, cold rolled steels, galvanized steels, electrical galvanized steels, stainless steels and others; trading business, engaged in the trading of steel products, chemical products, automobile parts and others; construction business, mainly engaged in the construction of commercial and residential buildings, and other business, engaged in the operation of power plants, sale of refractory products, among others.
Photronics is a leading worldwide manufacturer of integrated circuit (IC) and flat panel display (FPD) photomasks. High precision quartz plates that contain microscopic images of electronic circuits, photomasks are a key element in the IC and FPD manufacturing process. Founded in 1969, Photronics has been a trusted photomask supplier for over 50 years. As of October 31, 2019, the company had 1,775 employees. The company has 11 strategically located manufacturing facilities in Asia, Europe, and North America.
Planet Green Holdings Corp
OPEN PLAN SYSTEMS INC
Dave & Buster's Entertainment Inc is an owner and operator of high-volume venues that combine dining and entertainment in North America for both adults and families.
Founded in 1980, Plumas Bank is a locally owned and managed full-service community bank headquartered in Northeastern California. The Bank operates thirteen branches: eleven located in the California counties of Plumas, Lassen, Placer, Nevada, Modoc and Shasta and two branches located in Nevada in the counties of Washoe and Carson City. The Bank also operates four loan production offices: three located in the California Counties of Placer, Butte, and Tehama, and one located in the Oregon County of Klamath. Plumas Bank offers a wide range of financial and investment services to consumers and businesses and has received nationwide Preferred Lender status with the United States Small Business Administration. The Company was recently recognized by three prestigious firms: Raymond James and Associates awarded Plumas Bancorp with the Community Bankers Cup for operating the 2 nd Best Performing Bank in the nation; S&P Global Market Intelligence ranked Plumas Bank in the Top 2% of U.S. Community Banks; and, for the fourth year in a row, Plumas Bank was named a ?€?Super Premier?€? performing bank by The Findley Reports.
The Children's Place Retail Stores, Inc. operates as a specialty retailer of apparel and accessories for children. The Company designs, sources and markets its products under its proprietary The Children's Place brand name for sale exclusively in its stores and on its Website. The Company's merchandising strategy is built on offering a collection of interchangeable outfits and accessories to create a coordinated look distinctive to The Children's Place. It offers a focused assortment of styles in a variety of colors and patterns. The Company divides the year into quarterly merchandising seasons: Spring, Summer, Back-to-School and Holiday. Within each season, the Company also introduces a new merchandise line each month.
Prologis, Inc. is the global leader in logistics real estate with a focus on high-barrier, high-growth markets. As of December 31, 2019, the company owned or had investments in, on a wholly owned basis or through co-investment ventures, properties and development projects expected to total approximately 814 million square feet (76 million square meters) in 19 countries. Prologis leases modern logistics facilities to a diverse base of approximately 5,000 customers principally across two major categories: business-to-business and retail/online fulfillment.
Platinum Group Metals Ltd. (Platinum Group) is a platinum focused exploration and development company conducting work on mineral properties it has staked or acquired by way of option agreements in the Republic of South Africa and in Canada. The Company conducts its South African exploration and development work through its wholly owned direct subsidiary, Platinum Group Metals (RSA) (Proprietary) Limited (PTM RSA). PTM RSA holds the Company's interests in the Project 1 platinum mine (Project 1) and Project 3. PTM RSA also holds 100% of Wesplats Holding (Proprietary) Limited (Wesplats), and a 37% interest in Wildebeest Platinum (Pty) Limited (Wildebeest), a company set up to hold prospecting rights for the exploration joint venture between the Company and Sable Platinum Mining (Pty) Ltd. (Sable) and Umnotho NREF Joint Venture. In September 2011, it purchased the Providence Copper-Nickel-Cobalt-Platinum Group Metals (Cu-Ni-Co-PGM) property from Arctic Star Exploration (Arctic Star).
China Xiangtai Food Company Ltd
PARALLEL PETROLEUM CORP
PolyMet Mining Corp., a development stage company, explores and develops natural resource properties. It primarily holds 100% interest in the NorthMet Project that includes NorthMet copper-nickel-precious metals ore body covering a total area of approximately 16,700 acres comprising approximately 4,300 acres of leased mineral rights; and the Erie Plant processing facility totaling approximately 12,400 acres of freehold land located in the mining district of the Mesabi Iron Range in northeastern Minnesota. The company was formerly known as Fleck Resources Ltd. and changed its name to PolyMet Mining Corp. in June 1998. PolyMet Mining Corp. was incorporated in 1981 and is based in Toronto, Canada.
Palomar Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of ??subsidiaries Palomar Specialty Insurance Company, Palomar Specialty Reinsurance Company Bermuda Ltd., Palomar Insurance Agency, Inc. and Palomar Excess and Surplus Insurance Company. Palomar is an innovative insurer that focuses on the provision of specialty property insurance for residential and commercial clients. Palomar?€?s underwriting and analytical expertise allow it to concentrate on certain markets that it believes are underserved by other insurance companies, such as the markets for earthquake, wind and flood insurance. Palomar?€?s principal insurance subsidiary, Palomar Specialty Insurance Company, is an admitted carrier in 31 states and has an A.M. Best financial strength rating of ?€?A-?€? (Excellent). Non-GAAP and Key Performance Indicators Palomar discusses certain key financial and operating metrics, described below, which provide useful information about the Company?€?s business and the operational factors underlying the Company?€?s financial performance. Underwriting revenue is a non?€?GAAP financial measure defined as total revenue, excluding net investment income and net realized and unrealized gains and losses on investments. See ?€?Reconciliation of Non?€?GAAP Financial Measures?€? for a reconciliation of total revenue calculated in accordance with GAAP to underwriting revenue. Underwriting income is a non?€?GAAP financial measure defined as income before income taxes excluding net investment income, net realized and unrealized gains and losses on investments and interest expense. See ?€?Reconciliation of Non?€?GAAP Financial Measures?€? for a reconciliation of income before income taxes calculated in accordance with GAAP to underwriting income. Adjusted net income (loss) is a non?€?GAAP financial measure defined as net income excluding the impact of certain items that may not be indicative of underlying business trends, operating results, or future outlook, net of tax impact. Palomar calculates the tax impact only on adjustments which would be included in calculating the Company?€?s income tax expense using the estimated tax rate at which the company received a deduction for these adjustments. See ?€?Reconciliation of Non?€?GAAP Financial Measures?€? for a reconciliation of net income calculated in accordance with GAAP to adjusted net income (loss). Return on equity is net income expressed on an annualized basis as a??percentage of average beginning and ending stockholders?€? equity during the period. Adjusted return on equity is a non?€?GAAP financial measure defined as adjusted net income expressed on an annualized basis as a??percentage of average beginning and ending stockholders?€? equity during the period. See ?€?Reconciliation of Non?€?GAAP Financial Measures?€? for a reconciliation of return on equity calculated using unadjusted GAAP numbers to adjusted return on equity. Loss ratio, expressed as a??percentage, is the ratio of losses and loss adjustment expenses, to net earned premiums. Expense ratio, expressed as a??percentage, is the ratio of acquisition and other underwriting expenses, net of commission and other income to net earned premiums. Combined ratio is defined as the sum of the loss ratio and the expense ratio. A combined ratio under 100% generally indicates an underwriting profit. A combined ratio over 100% generally indicates an underwriting loss. Adjusted combined ratio is a non?€?GAAP financial measure defined as the sum of the loss ratio and the expense ratio calculated excluding the impact of certain items that may not be indicative of underlying business trends, operating results, or future outlook. See ?€?Reconciliation of Non?€?GAAP Financial Measures?€? for a reconciliation of combined ratio calculated using unadjusted GAAP numbers to adjusted combined ratio. Diluted adjusted earnings per share is a non?€?GAAP financial measure defined as adjusted net income (loss) divided by the weighted-average common shares outstanding for the period, reflecting the dilution which could occur if equity-based awards are converted into common share equivalents as calculated using the treasury stock method. See ?€?Reconciliation of Non?€?GAAP Financial Measures?€? for a reconciliation of diluted earnings per share calculated in accordance with GAAP to diluted adjusted earnings per share. Catastrophe loss ratio is a non?€?GAAP financial measure defined as the ratio of catastrophe losses to net earned premiums. See ?€?Reconciliation of Non?€?GAAP Financial Measures?€? for a reconciliation of loss ratio calculated using unadjusted GAAP numbers to catastrophe loss ratio. Adjusted combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses is a non?€?GAAP financial measure defined as adjusted combined ratio excluding the impact of catastrophe losses. See ?€?Reconciliation of Non?€?GAAP Financial Measures?€? for a reconciliation of combined ratio calculated using unadjusted GAAP numbers to adjusted combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses. Adjusted net income excluding catastrophe losses is a non?€?GAAP financial measure defined as adjusted net income excluding catastrophe losses, net of tax impact. We calculate the tax impact using the estimated tax rate at which the company received a deduction for these adjustments. See ?€?Reconciliation of Non?€?GAAP Financial Measures?€? for a reconciliation of income before income taxes calculated in accordance with GAAP to adjusted net income excluding catastrophe losses. Tangible stockholders?€? equity is a non?€?GAAP financial measure defined as stockholders?€? equity less intangible assets. See ?€?Reconciliation of Non?€?GAAP Financial Measures?€? for a reconciliation of stockholders?€? equity calculated in accordance with GAAP to tangible stockholders?€? equity.
Founded in 1992 in Dover, NH, Planet Fitness is one of the largest and fastest-growing franchisors and operators of fitness centers in the United States by number of members and locations. As of September 30, 2020, Planet Fitness had more than 14.1 million members and 2,086 stores in 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Canada, the Dominican Republic, Panama, Mexico and Australia. The Company's mission is to enhance people's lives by providing a high-quality fitness experience in a welcoming, non-intimidating environment, which we call the Judgement Free Zone??. More than 95% of Planet Fitness stores are owned and operated by independent business men and women.
Home to the most trusted brands in the industry, Douglas Dynamics is North America?€?s premier manufacturer and up-fitter of commercial work truck attachments and equipment. For more than 70 years, the Company has been innovating products that not only enable people to perform their jobs more efficiently and effectively, but also enable businesses to increase profitability. Through its proprietary Douglas Dynamics Management System (DDMS), the Company is committed to continuous improvement aimed at consistently producing the highest quality products, at industry-leading levels of service and delivery that ultimately drive shareholder value. The Douglas Dynamics portfolio of products and services is separated into two segments: First, the Work Truck Attachments segment, which includes commercial snow and ice control equipment sold under the FISHER??, SNOWEX?? and WESTERN?? brands. Second, the Work Truck Solutions segment, which includes the up-fit of market leading attachments and storage solutions under the HENDERSON?? brand, and the DEJANA?? brand and its related sub-brands. Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures This press release contains financial information calculated other than in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (?€?GAAP?€?). The non-GAAP measures used in this press release are Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings Per Share, and Free Cash Flow. The Company believes that these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors and other external users of its consolidated financial statements in evaluating the Company?€?s operating performance as compared to that of other companies. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures can be found immediately following the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows included in this press release. Adjusted EBITDA represents net income (loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, as further adjusted for certain charges consisting of unrelated legal and consulting fees, pension termination costs, stock-based compensation, certain purchase accounting expenses, impairment charges, expenses related to debt modifications, and incremental costs incurred related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Such COVID-19 related costs include increased expenses directly related to the pandemic, and do not include either production related overhead inefficiencies or lost or deferred sales. We believe these costs are out of the ordinary, unrelated to our business and not representative of our results. The Company uses Adjusted EBITDA in evaluating the Company?€?s operating performance because it provides the Company and its investors with additional tools to compare its operating performance on a consistent basis by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect the Company?€?s core operations. The Company?€?s management also uses Adjusted EBITDA for planning purposes, including the preparation of its annual operating budget and financial projections, and to evaluate the Company?€?s ability to make certain payments, including dividends, in compliance with its senior credit facilities, which is determined based on a calculation of ?€?Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA?€? that is substantially similar to Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings Per Share (calculated on a diluted basis) represents net income (loss) and earnings (loss) per share (as defined by GAAP), excluding the impact of stock based compensation, pension termination costs, non-cash purchase accounting adjustments, impairment charges, expenses related to debt modifications, certain charges related to unrelated legal fees and consulting fees, incremental costs incurred related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and adjustments on derivatives not classified as hedges, net of their income tax impact. Such COVID-19 related costs include increased expenses directly related to the pandemic, and do not include either production related overhead inefficiencies or lost or deferred sales. We believe these costs are out of the ordinary, unrelated to our business and not representative of our results. Adjustments on derivatives not classified as hedges are non-cash and are related to overall financial market conditions; therefore, management believes such costs are unrelated to our business and are not representative of our results. Management believes that Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings Per Share are useful in assessing the Company?€?s financial performance by eliminating expenses and income that are not reflective of the underlying business performance. Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that we define as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures. Free Cash Flow should be evaluated in addition to, and not considered a substitute for, other financial measures such as Net Income (Loss) and Net Cash Used in Operating Activities. We believe that free cash flow represents our ability to generate additional cash flow from our business operations.
Founded in 1947, Preformed Line Products is a leading designer, manufacturer, and supplier of products and services used to construct and maintain overhead and underground networks. The company operates in several critical infrastructure industries, including electric power, telecommunications, broadband, and renewable energy, among others. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, PLP has two domestic manufacturing facilities, eighteen foreign subsidiaries, and a global network of more than 3,000 employees. About MICOS TELCOM MICOS TELCOM s.r.o. is a leading telecommunications manufacturer with a tradition not only in the Czech and Slovak markets but also in more than fifty foreign markets where it exports its products. The company specializes in the development, manufacture and sale of passive components for high-speed telecommunications, especially for optical networks. It also produces data cabinets for ICT centers, including special EMC cabinets with electromagnetic resistance. SOURCE Preformed Line Products Related Links http://www.preformed.com
Pliant Therapeutics??is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing novel therapies for the treatment of fibrosis. Pliant's lead product candidate, PLN-74809, is an oral small-molecule dual selective inhibitor of a v ?? 6 and a v ?? 1 integrins that is in development for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, or IPF, and primary sclerosing cholangitis, or PSC. PLN-74809 has received Orphan Drug Designation from the??U.S. Food and Drug Administration??for both IPF and PSC. Pliant is currently recruiting Phase 2a trials of PLN-74809 for the treatment of IPF and PSC. Pliant's second product candidate, PLN-1474, is a small-molecule selective inhibitor of a v ?? 1 for the treatment of liver fibrosis associated with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, or NASH, which Pliant has partnered with Novartis. PLN-1474 is currently undergoing a Phase 1 trial. In addition to clinical stage programs, Pliant currently has two preclinical programs targeting oncology and muscular dystrophies.
Pulse Biosciences is a novel bioelectric medicine company committed to health innovation that has the potential to improve and extend the lives of patients. If cleared, the CellFX?? System will be the first commercial product to harness the distinctive advantages of the Company?€?s proprietary Nano-Pulse Stimulation??? (NPS???) technology to treat a variety of applications for which an optimal solution remains unfulfilled. Nano-Pulse Stimulation technology delivers nano-second pulses of electrical energy to non-thermally clear cells while sparing adjacent non-cellular tissue. Subject to regulatory approval, the initial commercial use of the CellFX System is expected to address a broad range of dermatologic conditions that share high demand among patients and practitioners for improved and durable aesthetic outcomes. Designed as a multi-application platform, the CellFX System is intended to offer customer value with a utilization-based revenue model across an expanding spectrum of clinical applications.
Plantronics, Inc. is a global designer, manufacturer, and marketer of lightweight communications headsets, telephone headset systems, and accessories for the business and consumer markets under the Plantronics brand. In addition, the Company manufactures and markets specialty products under Clarity brand, such as telephones for the hearing impaired, and other related products for people with special communication needs. Its product categories include Office and Contact Center(OCC), which includes corded and cordless communication headsets, audio processors, and telephone systems; Mobile, which includes Bluetooth and corded products for mobile phone applications; Gaming and Computer Audio, which includes personal computer (PC) and gaming headsets, and Clarity, which includes specialty products marketed for hearing impaired individuals.
Palantir Technologies Inc - Class A
Plug Power is building the hydrogen economy as the leading provider of comprehensive hydrogen fuel cell (HFC) turnkey solutions. The company?€?s innovative technology powers electric motors with hydrogen fuel cells amid an ongoing paradigm shift in the power, energy, and transportation industries to address climate change and energy security, while providing efficiency gains and meeting sustainability goals. Plug Power created the first commercially viable market for HFC technology. As a result, the company has deployed over 38,000 fuel cell systems for e-mobility, more than anyone else in the world, and has become the largest buyer of liquid hydrogen, having built and operated a hydrogen highway across North America. Plug Power delivers a significant value proposition to end-customers, including meaningful environmental benefits, efficiency gains, fast fueling, and lower operational costs. Plug Power?€?s vertically-integrated GenKey solution ties together all critical elements to power, fuel, and provide service to customers such as Amazon, BMW, The Southern Company, Carrefour, and Walmart. The company is now leveraging its know-how, modular product architecture and foundational customers to rapidly expand into other key markets including zero-emission on-road vehicles, robotics, and data centers.
inc. ePlus is a leading consultative technology solutions provider that helps customers imagine, implement, and achieve more from their technology. With the highest certifications from top technology partners and lifecycle services expertise across key areas including security, cloud, data center, collaboration, networking and emerging technologies, ePlus transforms IT from a cost center to a business enabler. Founded in 1990, ePlus has more than 1,500 associates serving a diverse set of customers in the U.S., Europe, and Asia-Pac. The Company is headquartered at 13595 Dulles Technology Drive, Herndon, VA, 20171.
Protalix is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of recombinant therapeutic proteins expressed through its proprietary plant cell-based expression system, ProCellEx ??. Protalix?€?s unique expression system presents a proprietary method for developing recombinant proteins in a cost-effective, industrial-scale manner. Protalix?€?s first product manufactured by ProCellEx, taliglucerase alfa, was approved for marketing by the??U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in May 2012 and, subsequently, by the regulatory authorities of other countries. Protalix has licensed to Pfizer Inc. the worldwide development and commercialization rights for taliglucerase alfa, excluding Brazil, where Protalix retains full rights. Protalix?€?s development pipeline includes the following product candidates: pegunigalsidase alfa, a modified version of the recombinant human alpha-GAL-A protein for the treatment of Fabry disease, which is currently in a Phase 3 clinical trial (BALANCE study); and OPRX-106, an orally delivered anti-inflammatory treatment and alidornase alfa for the treatment of Cystic Fibrosis, both in Phase 2 clinical trials. Protalix has partnered with Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A., both in the United States and outside the United States, for the development and commercialization of pegunigalsidase alfa.
PLx Pharma Inc. is a late-stage specialty pharmaceutical company focused on its clinically-validated and patent-protected PLxGuard??? drug delivery platform to provide more effective and safer products. The PLxGuard drug delivery platform works by targeting the release of active pharmaceutical ingredients to various portions of the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. PLx believes this has the potential to improve the absorption of many drugs currently on the market or in development, and to reduce the risk of stomach erosions and ulcers associated with aspirin and ibuprofen, and potentially other drugs.
Since 1979, Plexus has been partnering with companies to create the products that build a better world. We are a team of over 19,000 individuals who are dedicated to providing global Design and Development, Supply Chain Solutions, New Product Introduction, Manufacturing, and Aftermarket Services. Plexus is a global leader that specializes in serving customers in industries with highly complex products and demanding regulatory environments. Plexus delivers customer service excellence to leading global companies by providing innovative, comprehensive solutions throughout the product?€?s lifecycle.
Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. is a leading owner, operator and developer of all-inclusive resorts in prime beachfront locations in popular vacation destinations in Mexico and the Caribbean. Playa owns and/or manages a total portfolio consisting of 21 resorts (8,172 rooms) located in Mexico, Jamaica, and the Dominican Republic. In Mexico, Playa owns and manages Hyatt Zilara Cancun, Hyatt Ziva Cancun, Panama Jack Resorts Cancun, Panama Jack Resorts Playa del Carmen, Hilton Playa del Carmen, Hyatt Ziva Puerto Vallarta and Hyatt Ziva Los Cabos. In Jamaica, Playa owns and manages Hyatt Zilara Rose Hall, Hyatt Ziva Rose Hall, Hilton Rose Hall Resort & Spa, Jewel Grande Montego Bay Resort & Spa and Jewel Paradise Cove Beach Resort & Spa. In the Dominican Republic, Playa owns and manages the Hilton La Romana, Hyatt Ziva Cap Cana and Hyatt Zilara Cap Cana. Playa also owns four resorts in Mexico and the Dominican Republic that are managed by a third party and Playa manages the Sanctuary Cap Cana, in the Dominican Republic.
Plymouth Industrial REIT, Inc. is a vertically integrated and self-managed real estate investment trust focused on the acquisition and operation of single and multi-tenant industrial properties located in secondary and select primary markets across the United States. The Company seeks to acquire properties that provide income and growth that enable the Company to leverage its real estate operating expertise to enhance shareholder value through active asset management, prudent property re-positioning and disciplined capital deployment.
Plymouth Industrial REIT Inc. 7.50% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Delivering a Smoke-Free Future Philip Morris International (PMI) is leading a transformation in the tobacco industry to create a smoke-free future and ultimately replace cigarettes with smoke-free products to the benefit of adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, society, the company and its shareholders. PMI is a leading international tobacco company engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, smoke-free products and associated electronic devices and accessories, and other nicotine-containing products in markets outside the U.S. PMI is building a future on a new category of smoke-free products that, while not risk-free, are a much better choice than continuing to smoke. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, PMI aims to ensure that its smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements.
Pacific Mercantile Bancorp is the parent holding company of Pacific Mercantile Bank, which opened for business March??1, 1999. The Bank, which is an FDIC insured, California state-chartered bank and a member of the Federal Reserve System, provides a wide range of commercial banking services to businesses, business professionals and individual clients. The Bank is headquartered in Orange County and operates a total of seven offices in Southern California, located in Orange, Los Angeles, San Diego, and San Bernardino counties. The Bank offers tailored flexible solutions for its clients including an array of loan and deposit products, sophisticated cash management services, and comprehensive online banking services accessible at www.pmbank.com. Forward-Looking Information This news release contains statements regarding our expectations, beliefs and views about our future financial performance and our business, trends and expectations regarding the markets in which we operate, and our future plans, including the credit exposure of certain loan products and other components of our business that could be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Psychemedics Corporation is the world?€?s largest provider of hair testing for the detection of drugs of abuse. The Company?€?s patented process is used by thousands of U.S. and international clients, including over 10% of the Fortune 500 companies, for pre-employment and random drug testing. Major police departments, Federal Reserve Banks, schools, and other public entities also rely on our unique patented drug testing process. We strongly believe our drug testing method to be superior to any other product currently in use, including traditional urine testing and other hair testing methods.
No Description Available
PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust is a mortgage real estate investment trust (REIT) that invests primarily in residential mortgage loans and mortgage-related assets. PMT is externally managed by PNMAC Capital Management, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE: PFSI).
PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 8.125% Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest
PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust 8.00% Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest

PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord share Class A & 1/2 War)
PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp - Warrants (31/08/2027)
PMV Pharmaceuticals Inc
Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. (Bancorp) is a holding company for Patriot National Bank (the Bank). The Bank offers a range of consumer and commercial banking services to individuals, small and medium-sized businesses and professionals. The Bank offers consumer and commercial deposit accounts that include: checking accounts, interest-bearing negotiable order of withdrawal (NOW) accounts, insured money market accounts, time certificates of deposit, savings accounts, individual retirement accounts (IRAs) and health savings accounts (HSAs). Other services include Internet banking, bill paying, remote deposit capture, debit cards, money orders, traveler's checks and automated teller machines (ATMs). The Bank conducts business at its office located in Stamford, Connecticut and at other Connecticut branch offices located in Darien, Fairfield, Greenwich, Milford, Norwalk, Stamford, Southport, Trumbull, Westport and Wilton.
The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (PNC) is a financial service company. The Company has businesses engaged in retail banking, corporate and institutional banking, asset management, and residential mortgage banking, providing its products and services nationally and others in its markets located in Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Jersey, Michigan, Illinois, Maryland, Indiana, Kentucky, Florida, Washington, D.C., Delaware, Virginia, Missouri, Wisconsin and Georgia. It also provides certain products and services internationally. As of December 31, 2011, its corporate legal structure consisted of one domestic subsidiary bank, including its subsidiaries, and approximately 141 active non-bank subsidiaries. On March 2, 2012, it acquired RBC Bank (USA). Effective October 26, 2012, PNC divested certain deposits and assets of the Smartstreet business unit, which was acquired by PNC as part of the RBC Bank (USA) acquisition, to Union Bank, N.A.
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. (The) Depositary Shares Series P
Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (NASDAQ/NGS: PNFP) provides a full range of banking, investment, trust, mortgage and insurance products and services designed for businesses and their owners and individuals interested in a comprehensive relationship with their financial institution. The firm began operations in a single location in downtown Nashville, TN in October 2000 and has since grown to approximately $29.26 billion in assets as of March 31, 2020. As the second-largest bank holding company headquartered in Tennessee, Pinnacle operates in 12 primarily urban markets in Tennessee, Georgia, the Carolinas and Virginia.

PNM Resources, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates in energy and energy-related businesses in the United States. It is primarily involved in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity. The company generates electricity using coal, nuclear fuel, natural gas, solar, geothermal, and wind energy sources. It also provides regulated transmission and distribution services. As of December 31, 2014, the company??s owned or leased facilities had a total net generation capacity of 2,397 megawatts. It serves approximately 753,000 residential, commercial, and industrial customers, as well as end-users of electricity in New Mexico and Texas. The company was founded in 1917 and is based in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
PennantPark Investment Corporation (PennantPark Investment) is a business development company focused to generate both income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments in the United States middle-market companies in the form of senior secured loans, mezzanine debt and equity investments. The Company is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified investment company. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010 (fiscal 2010), it purchased investments issued by 17 new and 12 existing portfolio companies. During fiscal 2010, its portfolio consisted of 75% fixed-rate, including 26% with a London Interbank Offering (LIBOR), and 25% variable-rate investments.
PennantPark Investment Corporation 5.50 NT REDEEM 15102021 USD
At Pentair, we believe the health of our world depends on reliable access to clean, safe water. We deliver a comprehensive range of smart, sustainable water solutions to homes, business and industry around the world. Our industry leading and proven portfolio of solutions enables our customers to access clean, safe water. Whether it?€?s improving, moving or enjoying water, we help manage the world?€?s most precious resource. Smart, Sustainable Water Solutions. For Life. Pentair had revenue in 2019 of $3 billion, and trades under the ticker symbol PNR. With approximately 120 locations in 25 countries and 9,500 employees, we believe that the future of water depends on us.
: PrimeEnergy Resources Corporation is an independent oil and gas company actively engaged in acquiring, developing and producing oil and natural gas. The Company?€?s common stock shares are traded in the NASDAQ stock market under the symbol ?€?PNRG.?€? The Company is headquartered in Houston, Texas, with operating offices in Midland, Texas, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and Charleston, West Virginia. PrimeEnergy owns leasehold, mineral and royalty interests in producing and non-producing oil and gas properties across the continental United States. The Company operates approximately 1,400 active wells and owns non-operating and royalty interests in over 800 additional wells. Operations are conducted through the Company?€?s principal offices in Houston, Texas, and district offices in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Midland, Texas, and Charleston, West Virginia, with field offices in Oklahoma, Texas and West Virginia. Through its equipment companies, the Company provides well service support operations, site preparation and construction services for drilling and re-working operations, both in connection with the Company?€?s activities and providing contract services for third parties. If you have any questions on this release, please contact Connie Ng at (713) 735-0000 ext 6416. About FTSE Russell: FTSE Russell is a global index leader that provides innovative benchmarking, analytics and data solutions for investors worldwide. FTSE Russell calculates thousands of indexes that measure and benchmark markets and asset classes in more than 70 countries, covering 98% of the investable market globally. FTSE Russell index expertise and products are used extensively by institutional and retail investors globally. Approximately $16 trillion is currently benchmarked to FTSE Russell indexes. For over 30 years, leading asset owners, asset managers, ETF providers and investment banks have chosen FTSE Russell indexes to benchmark their investment performance and create ETFs, structured products and index-based derivatives. A core set of universal principles guides FTSE Russell index design and management: a transparent rules-based methodology is informed by independent committees of leading market participants. FTSE Russell is focused on applying the highest industry standards in index design and governance and embraces the IOSCO Principles. FTSE Russell is also focused on index innovation and customer partnerships as it seeks to enhance the breadth, depth and reach of its offering. FTSE Russell is wholly owned by London Stock Exchange Group.
Pennant Group Inc
Bright Canyon Energy is a developer, owner and operator of electric infrastructure in the United States. The company creates sustainable energy solutions for customers, focusing on clean energy, microgrids, energy storage and transmission. With headquarters in Phoenix, Bright Canyon Energy is a wholly owned, unregulated subsidiary of Pinnacle West Capital Corp.. Pinnacle West is an energy holding company based in Phoenix and has consolidated assets of about $19 billion, about 6,300 megawatts of generating capacity and 6,200 employees in Arizona and New Mexico. Through its principal subsidiary, Arizona Public Service, the company provides retail electricity service to about 1.3 million Arizona homes and businesses.
Predictive Oncology?? operates through three segments (Skyline, Helomics and Soluble Biotech), which contain four subsidiaries:??Helomics, TumorGenesis, Skyline Medical and Soluble Biotech. Helomics??applies artificial intelligence to its rich data gathered from patient tumors to both personalize cancer therapies for patients and drive the development of new targeted therapies in collaborations with pharmaceutical companies. TumorGenesis Inc.??specializes in media that help cancer cells grow and retain their DNA/RNA and proteomic signatures, providing researchers with a tool to expand and study cancer cell types found in tumors of the blood and organ systems of all mammals, including humans. Skyline Medical markets its patented and FDA cleared STREAMWAY System, which automates the collection, measurement and disposal of waste fluid, including blood, irrigation fluid and others, within a medical facility, through both domestic and international divisions. Soluble Biotech is a provider of soluble and stable formulations for proteins including vaccines, antibodies, large and small proteins and protein complexes.
Insulet Corporation, headquartered in Massachusetts, is an innovative medical device company dedicated to making the lives of people with diabetes and other conditions easier through the use of its Omnipod product platform. The Omnipod Insulin Management System provides a unique alternative to traditional insulin delivery methods. With its simple, wearable design, the disposable Pod provides up to three days of non-stop insulin delivery, without the need to see or handle a needle. Insulet also leverages the unique design of its Pod by tailoring its Omnipod technology platform for the delivery of non-insulin subcutaneous drugs across other therapeutic areas.
Gardena, California-based Polar Power, Inc., designs, manufactures and sells direct current, or DC, power systems, lithium battery powered hybrid solar systems and lithium battery storage systems for applications in the wireless telecommunications tower market and, in other markets, including military, electric vehicle charging, cogeneration, distributed power and uninterruptable power supply. Within the telecommunications market, Polar?€?s systems provide reliable and low-cost energy for applications for off-grid and bad-grid applications with critical power needs that cannot be without power in the event of utility grid failure.
Pool Corporation distributes swimming pool supplies, equipment, and related leisure products in North America, Europe, South America, and Australia. The company offers approximately 160,000 national brand and its own-branded products. The company also distributes building materials for use in pool installations and remodeling, such as concrete, plumbing and electrical components, functional and decorative pool surfaces, decking materials, tiles, hardscapes, and natural stones. In addition, it offers discretionary recreational and related outdoor lifestyle products that enhance consumers?? use and enjoyment of outdoor living spaces, such as spas, grills, and components for outdoor kitchens. The company sells its products through sales centers to swimming pool remodelers and builders; specialty retailers that sell swimming pool supplies; swimming pool repair and service businesses; landscape construction and maintenance contractors; and government, golf courses, and commercial customers. Pool Corporation was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Covington, Louisiana.
Popmail.Com Inc
Portland General Electric is a fully integrated energy company based in Portland, Oregon, with operations across the state. The company serves approximately 900,000 customers with a service area population of 2 million Oregonians in 51 cities. PGE has 16 generation plants in five Oregon counties, and maintains and operates 14 public parks and recreation areas. For over 130 years, PGE has delivered safe, affordable and reliable energy to Oregonians. Together with its customers, PGE has the No. 1 voluntary renewable energy program in the U.S. PGE and its 3,000 employees are working with customers to build a clean energy future. In 2019, PGE, employees, retirees and the PGE Foundation donated $4.3 million and volunteered 32,900 hours with more than 700 nonprofits across Oregon.
Post Holdings, Inc., headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, is a consumer packaged goods holding company operating in the center-of-the-store, refrigerated, foodservice, food ingredient and convenient nutrition food categories. Through its Post Consumer Brands business, Post is a leader in the North American ready-to-eat cereal category offering a broad portfolio including recognized brands such as Honey Bunches of Oats ??, Pebbles ???, Great Grains ?? and Malt-O-Meal ?? bag cereal. Post also is a leader in the United Kingdom ready-to-eat cereal category with the iconic Weetabix ?? brand. As a leader in refrigerated foods, Post delivers innovative, value-added egg and refrigerated potato products to the foodservice channel and the retail refrigerated side dish category, offering side dish, egg, cheese and sausage products through the Bob Evans ??, Simply Potatoes ?? and Crystal Farms ?? brands. Post?€?s publicly-traded subsidiary BellRing Brands, Inc. is a holding company operating in the global convenient nutrition category through its primary brands of Premier Protein ??, Dymatize ?? and PowerBar ??. Post participates in the private brand food category through its investment with third parties in 8th Avenue Food & Provisions, Inc., a leading, private brand centric, consumer products holding company.
Power Integrations, Inc. is a leading innovator in semiconductor technologies for high-voltage power conversion. The company?€?s products are key building blocks in the clean-power ecosystem, enabling the generation of renewable energy as well as the efficient transmission and consumption of power in applications ranging from milliwatts to megawatts.
Powell Industries, Inc. (Powell) develops, designs, manufactures and services custom engineered-to-order equipment and systems for the management and control of electrical energy and other critical processes. The Company operates in two business segments: Electrical Power Products and Process Control Systems. Electrical Power Products business segment's principal products include power control room substation packages, traditional and arc-resistant distribution switchgear, medium-voltage circuit breakers, offshore generator and control modules, monitoring and control communications systems, motor control centers and bus duct systems. Process Control Systems business segment's DYNAC software suite provides an integrated operations management solution. Its wholly owned subsidiaries include Powell Electrical Systems, Inc., Transdyn, Inc., Powell Industries International, Inc., Switchgear & Instrumentation Limited (S&I) and Powell Canada Inc.
Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. is the parent company of Pacific Premier Bank, a California-based commercial bank focused on serving small, middle-market, and corporate businesses throughout the Western US in major metropolitan markets in California, Washington, Oregon, Arizona, and Nevada. Founded in 1983, Pacific Premier Bank has grown to become one of the largest banks in the western region of the United States, with over $20 billion in total assets. Pacific Premier provides banking products and services, including deposit accounts, digital banking, and treasury management services, to businesses, professionals, entrepreneurs, real estate investors, and nonprofit organizations. We also offer a wide array of loan products, such as commercial business loans, lines of credit, SBA loans, commercial real estate loans, agribusiness loans, franchise lending, home equity lines of credit, and construction loans. Pacific Premier Bank offers commercial escrow services through its Commerce Escrow division and facilitates 1031 Exchange transactions through its RPM Exchange division. Pacific Premier Bank offers clients IRA custodial services through its Pacific Premier Trust division, which has approximately $14 billion of assets under custody and approximately 44,000 client accounts comprised of self-directed investors, financial institutions, capital syndicators, and financial advisors. Additionally, Pacific Premier Bank provides nationwide customized banking solutions to HOA and Property Management companies. Pacific Premier Bank is an Equal Housing Lender and Member FDIC.
Pilgrim?€?s employs approximately 55,400 people and operates protein processing plants and prepared-foods facilities in 14 states, Puerto Rico, Mexico, the U.K, and continental Europe. The Company?€?s primary distribution is through retailers and foodservice distributors.
PRE PAID LEGAL SERVICES INC
PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) is a global supplier of protective and decorative coatings. PPG operates in six business segments. The Performance Coatings, Industrial Coatings and Architectural Coatings-EMEA segments supply protective and decorative finishes for customers in a range of end use markets, including industrial equipment, appliances and packaging; factory-finished aluminum extrusions and steel and aluminum coils; marine and aircraft equipment; automotive original equipment; and other industrial and consumer products. The Optical and Specialty Materials segment consist of the optical products and silicas businesses. It is a producer and supplier of basic chemicals. Glass segment produces flat glass and continuous-strand fiber glass. The Glass business segment consists of the flat glass and fiber glass businesses. In January 2013, the combined company formed by uniting Georgia Gulf with PPG's former commodity chemicals business is named Axiall Corporation.
Positive Physicians Holdings Inc Ordinary Shares

Headquartered in Allentown, Pa., PPL Corporation is one of the largest companies in the U.S. utility sector. PPL's seven high-performing, award-winning utilities serve 10 million customers in the United States and United Kingdom. With more than 12,000 employees, PPL is dedicated to providing exceptional customer service and reliability and delivering superior value for shareowners.
Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. manufactures, sells and services a broad range of specialty electrical transmission, distribution and on-site power generation equipment for applications in the utility, industrial, commercial and backup power markets. The Company's principal products and services include custom low and medium voltage switchgear and engine-generator sets and controls, complemented by a national field-service organization to maintain and repair power generation assets.
PPL Capital Funding Inc
Under normal circumstances, the Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets, plus any borrowings for investment purposes, in dividend-paying securities at the time of purchase. Such securities include, without limitation, preferred securities and capital securities of U.S. and non-U.S. issuers. The Fund invests significantly in securities that, at the time of issuance, are eligible to pay dividends that qualify for favorable U.S. federal income tax treatment, such as dividends treated as ?€?qualified dividend income?€? (?€?QDI?€?) or qualified dividends from real estate investment trusts (?€?REITS?€?). However, the Fund also invests in securities that are not eligible for such treatment.Examples of preferred securities in which the Fund invests include preferred stock, certain depositary receipts, REITs, and various types of junior subordinated debt. Such preferred securities generally pay fixed and floating rate distributions and are junior to all forms of the company's senior debt, but may have "preference" over common stock in the payment of distributions and the liquidation of a company's assets. Capital securities are securities issued by financial institutions and other corporate issuers for purposes of satisfying regulatory capital requirements of obtaining agency credit. Examples of capital securities in which the Fund invests include subordinated debt securities, certain preferred securities, and contingent convertible securities (?€?Cocos?€?). Cocos are hybrid debt securities typically issued by non-US banking institutions that have contractual equity conversion or principal write-down features that are triggered by regulatory capital thresholds or regulatory actions calling into question the issuing banking institution?€?s continued viability as a going-concern if the conversion trigger were not exercised. The Fund defines "dividend-paying securities" to include preferred and capital securities that make payments and distributions that are treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Fund invests in investment grade securities and in below investment grade securities (sometimes called ?€?high yield?€? or "junk"). The Fund is not managed to a particular maturity or duration. The Fund concentrates its investments (invests more than 25% of its net assets) in securities in one or more industries (i.e., banking, insurance and commercial finance) within the financial services sector.
PQ Group Holdings Inc. and subsidiaries is a leading integrated and innovative global provider of specialty catalysts, materials, chemicals and services. We support customers globally through our strategically located network of manufacturing facilities. We believe that our products, which are predominantly inorganic, and services contribute to improving the sustainability of the environment. We have four uniquely positioned specialty businesses: Refining Services provides sulfuric acid recycling to the North American refining industry; Catalysts serves the packaging and engineering plastics and the global refining, petrochemical and emissions control industries; Performance Materials produces transportation reflective safety markings for roads and airports; and Performance Chemicals supplies diverse product end uses, including personal and industrial cleaning products, fuel efficient tires, surface coatings, and food and beverage products. We serve over 4,000 customers globally across many end uses and operate over 70 manufacturing facilities which are strategically located across six continents.
ProAssurance Corporation is an industry-leading specialty insurer with extensive expertise in healthcare professional liability, products liability for medical technology and life sciences, legal professional liability, and workers?€? compensation insurance. ProAssurance Group is rated ?€?A?€? (Excellent) by AM Best; ProAssurance and its operating subsidiaries are rated ?€?A?€? (Strong) by Fitch Ratings. For the latest on ProAssurance and its industry-leading suite of products and services, cutting-edge risk management and practice enhancement programs, follow @ProAssurance on Twitter or LinkedIn. ProAssurance?€?s YouTube channel regularly presents thought provoking, insightful videos that communicate effective practice management, patient safety and risk management strategies.
As a global leader in acquiring and collecting nonperforming loans, PRA Group, Inc. returns capital to banks and other creditors to help expand financial services for consumers in the Americas and Europe. With thousands of employees worldwide, PRA Group, Inc. companies collaborate with customers to help them resolve their debt.
PRA is a full-service global contract research organization, providing a broad range of product development and data solution services to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies around the world. PRA?€?s integrated services include data management, statistical analysis, clinical trial management, and regulatory and drug development consulting. PRA?€?s global operations span more than 90 countries across North America, Europe, Asia, Latin America, Africa, Australia and the Middle East, and more than 17,500 employees. Since 2000, PRA has participated in more than 4,000 clinical trials. In addition, PRA has participated in the pivotal or supportive trials that led to U.S. Food and Drug Administration or international regulatory approval of more than 95 products.
Praxis Precision Medicines Inc
Perceptron develops, produces and sells a comprehensive range of automated industrial metrology products and solutions to manufacturing organizations for dimensional gauging, dimensional inspection and 3D scanning. Products include 3D machine vision solutions, robot guidance, coordinate measuring machines, laser scanning and advanced analysis software. Global automotive, aerospace and other manufacturing companies rely on Perceptron?€?s metrology solutions to assist in managing their complex manufacturing processes to improve quality, shorten product launch times and reduce costs. Headquartered in Plymouth, Michigan, USA, Perceptron has subsidiary operations in Brazil, China, Czech Republic, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Slovakia, Spain and the United Kingdom.
Career Education?€?s academic institutions offer a quality education to a diverse student population in a variety of disciplines through online, campus-based and blended learning programs. Our two regionally accredited universities ?€? Colorado Technical University (?€?CTU?€?) and American InterContinental University (?€?AIU?€?) ?€? provide degree programs through the master?€?s or doctoral level as well as associate and bachelor?€?s levels. Both universities predominantly serve students online with career-focused degree programs that are designed to meet the educational needs of today?€?s busy adults. CTU and AIU continue to show innovation in higher education, advancing new personalized learning technologies like their intelli path ?? adaptive learning platform. Career Education is committed to providing quality education that closes the gap between learners who seek to advance their careers and employers needing a qualified workforce. A listing of university locations and web links to these institutions can be found at www.careered.com.
PartnerRe Ltd. 6.50% Series G Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares $1.00 par value
PartnerRe Ltd. 7.25% Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares $1.00 par value
PartnerRe Ltd. 5.875% Series I Non-Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares $1.00 par value
Perficient is a leading global digital consultancy. We imagine, create, engineer, and run digital transformation solutions that help our clients exceed customers?€? expectations, outpace competition, and grow their business. With unparalleled strategy, creative, and technology capabilities, we bring big thinking and innovative ideas, along with a practical approach to help the world?€?s largest enterprises and biggest brands succeed. Traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Perficient is a member of the Russell 2000 index and the S&P SmallCap 600 index. Perficient is an award-winning Adobe Platinum Partner, Platinum Level IBM business partner, a Microsoft National Service Provider and Gold Certified Partner, an Oracle Platinum Partner, a Gold Salesforce Consulting Partner, and a Sitecore Platinum Partner.
PainReform Ltd
Perrigo Company plc (NYSE; TASE: PRGO) is a leading provider of Quality, Affordable Self-Care Products and over-the-counter (OTC) health and wellness solutions that enhance individual well-being by empowering consumers to proactively prevent or treat conditions that can be self-managed. Led by its consumer self-care strategy, Perrigo is the largest store brand OTC player in the U.S. in the categories in which it competes through more than 9,000 SKUs under customer 'own brand' labels. Additionally, Perrigo is a Top 5 OTC company by revenue in Europe, where it markets more than 200 branded OTC products throughout 28 countries.
Progress provides the leading products to develop, deploy and manage high-impact business applications. Our comprehensive product stack is designed to make technology teams more productive and we have a deep commitment to the open source community. With Progress solutions, organizations can accelerate the creation and delivery of strategic business applications, automate the process by which apps are configured, deployed and scaled, and make critical data and content more accessible and secure?€?leading to competitive differentiation and business success. Over 1,700 independent software vendors, 100,000+ enterprise customers, and a three-million-strong developer community rely on Progress to power their applications. Learn about Progress at www.progress.com or +1-800-477-6473. Progress and Sitefinity are trademarks or registered trademarks of Progress Software Corporation and/or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates in the US and other countries. Any other trademarks contained herein are the property of their respective owners.
PRGX Global, Inc. is a global leader in Recovery Audit and Spend Analytics services. With over 1,500 employees, the Company serves clients in more than 30 countries and provides its services to 80% of the top 15 global retailers and over 25% of the top 50 companies in the Fortune 500. PRGX delivers more than $1 billion in cash flow improvement for its clients each year. The creator of the recovery audit industry more than 40 years ago, PRGX continues to innovate through technology and expanded service offerings. In addition to Recovery Audit, the Company provides Contract Compliance, Spend Analytics and Supplier Information Management services to improve clients' financial performance and manage risk.
Primerica, Inc., headquartered in Duluth, GA, is a leading provider of financial services to middle-income households in North America. Independent licensed representatives educate Primerica clients about how to better prepare for a more secure financial future by assessing their needs and providing appropriate solutions through term life insurance, which we underwrite, and mutual funds, annuities and other financial products, which we distribute primarily on behalf of third parties. We insured approximately 5 million lives and had over 2.5 million client investment accounts at December 31, 2019. Primerica, through its insurance company subsidiaries, was the #2 issuer of Term Life insurance coverage in North America in 2019. Primerica stock is included in the S&P MidCap 400 and the Russell 1000 stock indices and is traded on The New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ?€?PRI?€?.
Priority Income Fund Inc. 6.375% Series A Term Preferred Stock due 2025
Priority Income Fund Inc - 6.25% PRF REDEEM 31/12/2023 USD 25 - Ser B
Priority Income Fund Inc Term Pfd Ser C
Priority Income Fund Inc. 7.00 Series D Term Preferred Stock due 2029

Primoris Services Corporation (Primoris) is a holding company of various subsidiaries, which form specialty contractors and infrastructure companies in the United States. The Company provides a range of construction, fabrication, maintenance, replacement, water and wastewater and product engineering services to public utilities, petrochemical companies, energy companies, municipalities, state departments of transportation and other customers. The Company operates in three operating segments: the East Construction Services segment, the West Construction Services segment and the Engineering segment. In March 2012, the Company acquired Sprint Pipeline Services, L.P. (Sprint). In June 2012, the Company acquired Silva Contracting Company, Inc., Tarmac Materials, LLC and C3 Interests, LLC (collectively, the Silva Companies). In October 2012, its Primoris Energy Services subsidiary has acquired the assets of The Saxon Group, Inc. In November 19, 2012, it acquired Q3 Contracting Inc. (Q3).
Park National Corporation (Park), is a bank holding company. The Park's banking operations were conducted through The Park National Bank (Park National Bank) for the year ended December 31, 2012. Park National Bank is engaged in the commercial banking and trust business, generally in small and medium population Ohio communities. As of December 31, 2012, the Bank operated 124 financial service offices in Ohio and Northern Kentucky through eleven banking divisions. On February 16, 2012, the Company and Vision Bank, a state-chartered bank, completed their sale of substantially all of the performing loans, operating assets and liabilities associated with Vision Bank to Centennial Bank, a state-chartered bank which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Home BancShares, Inc. Following the closing of the transactions, Vision Bank merged with and into SE LLC, with SE LLC being the surviving entity.
Proto Labs, Inc. (Proto Labs) is an online and technology-enabled quick-turn manufacturer of custom parts for prototyping and short-run production. Proto Labs provides Real Parts, Really Fast to product developers worldwide. The Company utilizes computer numerical control (CNC), machining and injection molding to manufacture custom parts for its customers. The Company focuses its services to the millions of product developers who use three-dimensional computer-aided design (3D CAD), software to design products across a diverse range of end-markets. The Company has established its operations in the United States, Europe and Japan, three of the geographic markets where these product developers are located. Its manufacturing services include CNC machining and plastic injection molding. In August 2013, Proto Labs, Inc. purchased the Plymouth Industrial Building at 2600 Niagara Lane, Plymouth, MN.
Prelude Therapeutics Inc
Cott Corporation (Cott) is a producers of beverages on behalf of retailers, brand owners and distributors. The Company's product lines include carbonated soft drinks (CSDs), 100% shelf stable juice and juice-based products, clear, still and sparkling flavored waters, energy products, sports products, new age beverages, and ready-to-drink teas, as well as alcoholic beverages for brand owners. The Company operates in five segments: North America (which includes the United States operating segment and Canada operating segment), the United Kingdom (which includes its United Kingdom reporting unit and its Continental European reporting unit), Mexico, Royal Crown International (RCI) and All Other. The Company markets or supplies over 500 retailer, licensed and Company-owned brands in its four core geographic segments. In March of 2012, its U.K. reporting segment acquired a beverage and wholesale business based in Scotland.
PROS Holdings, Inc.( PROS), provides big data software applications designed to help companies outperform in their markets by using big data to sell more effectively. The Company applies data science experience to unlock buying patterns and preferences within transaction data to reveals which opportunities PROS offers big data software applications to analyze, execute and optimize sales, pricing, quoting, rebates and revenue management. The Company also provides professional services to implement its software applications. PROS has completed over 600 implementations of the Company's solutions, across more than 30 industries in more than 50 countries.
Profound Medical
Progenity Inc
Founded in 2009 and headquartered in Morristown, New Jersey, ProSight is an entrepreneurial property and casualty insurance company that designs insurance solutions intended to help customers improve their business and realize value from their insurance purchasing decision. The company focuses on select niche industries, deploying differentiated underwriting and claims expertise with the goal of enhancing each customer's operating performance.  ProSight's products are sold through a limited and select group of retail and wholesale distribution partners.  Each of ProSight's regulated insurance company subsidiaries are rated "A-" (Excellent) by A.M. Best.
Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. (Provident) is a holding company for Provident Savings Bank, F.S.B. (the Bank). The Bank is a federally chartered stock savings bank. The Bank is a financial services company focused on serving consumers and small to mid-sized businesses in the Inland Empire region of Southern California. The Company operates in two business segments: community banking (Provident Bank) and mortgage banking (Provident Bank Mortgage). The business activities of the Bank consist of community banking, mortgage banking, investment services and trustee services for real estate transactions. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2012 (fiscal 2012), it operated 14 full-service banking offices in Riverside County and one full-service banking office in San Bernardino County. During fiscal 2012, the Bank acquired 68 real estate owned properties in the settlement of loans and sold 98 properties.

CC Neuberger Principal Holdings II Units each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and onefourth of one redeemable warrant
CC Neuberger Principal Holdings II - Warrants (29/07/2025)
ProPhase Labs is a diversified medical science and technology company with deep experience with OTC consumer healthcare products and dietary supplements. The Company is engaged in the research, development, manufacture, distribution, marketing and sale of OTC consumer healthcare products and dietary supplements in the United States. This includes the development and marketing of dietary supplements under the TK Supplements ?? brand. The Company is also developing ProPhase Diagnostics, Inc. (?€?ProPhase Diagnostics?€?) to offer COVID-19 and other Respiratory Pathogen Panel (RPP) Molecular tests. The Company also continues to actively pursue strategic investments and acquisition opportunities for other companies, technologies and products inside and outside the consumer products industry.
Purple is a leading comfort technology company, which designs and manufactures products to improve how people sleep, sit, and stand. It offers mattresses, cushions, pillows, and other comfort products using its proprietary Hyper-Elastic Polymer?? technology. All products are focused on founders Terry and Tony Pearce's vision to improve comfort. Purple continues to be a disruptor to the traditional mattress industry with its innovative products, packaging and shipping, direct-to-consumer sales, and generous trial and return policies.
Purple Innovation Inc. Warrants

ProQR Therapeutics N.V., a biopharmaceutical company, engages in the discovery and development of RNA-based therapeutics for the treatment of genetic disorders. The company??s lead product candidate includes QR-010, a RNA-based oligonucleotide that is in Phase Ib clinical trial for the treatment of cystic fibrosis. It also develops QR-110, which is in pre-clinical development stage for the treatment of Leber??s congenital amaurosis. The company was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in Leiden, the Netherlands.
The Providence Service Corporation, through its wholly-owned subsidiary LogistiCare Solutions, LLC, is the nation's largest manager of non-emergency medical transportation programs for state governments and managed care organizations. Its technology-enabled operating model includes core competencies in risk underwriting, call center management, network credentialing, vendor payment management and non-emergency medical transport management. Providence?€?s Simplura Health Group subsidiary provides non-medical personal care to primarily Medicaid patient populations, including seniors and disabled adults, in need of care monitoring and assistance performing daily living activities in the home setting. Providence also holds a minority interest in CCHN Group Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (?€?Matrix?€?), which provides a broad array of assessment and care management services to individuals that improve health outcomes and health plan financial performance.
At Perspecta, we question, we seek and we solve. Perspecta brings a diverse set of capabilities to our U.S. government customers in defense, intelligence, civilian, health care and state and local markets. Our 280+ issued, licensed and pending patents are more than just pieces of paper, they tell the story of our innovation. With offerings in mission services, digital transformation and enterprise operations, our team of nearly 14,000 engineers, analysts, investigators and architects work tirelessly to not only execute the mission, but build and support the backbone that enables it. Perspecta was formed to take on big challenges. We are an engine for growth and success and we enable our customers to build a better nation.
PermRock Royalty Trust is a Delaware statutory trust formed by Boaz Energy II, LLC ("Boaz Energy") to own a net profits interest representing the right to receive 80% of the net profits from the sale of oil and natural gas production from certain properties owned by Boaz Energy in the Permian Basin of West Texas.
Prothena Corporation plc is a late-stage clinical company with expertise in protein dysregulation and a diverse pipeline of novel investigational therapeutics with the potential to change the course of devastating neurodegenerative and rare peripheral amyloid diseases. Fueled by its deep scientific expertise built over decades of research, Prothena is advancing a pipeline of therapeutic candidates for a number of indications and novel targets for which its ability to integrate scientific insights around neurological dysfunction and the biology of misfolded proteins can be leveraged. Prothena?€?s partnered programs include prasinezumab (PRX002/RG7935), in collaboration with Roche for the potential treatment of Parkinson?€?s disease and other related synucleinopathies, and programs that target tau (PRX005), TDP-43 and an undisclosed target in collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb for the potential treatment of Alzheimer?€?s disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), frontotemporal dementia (FTD) or other neurodegenerative diseases. Prothena?€?s wholly-owned programs include PRX004 for the potential treatment of ATTR amyloidosis, and a portfolio of programs for the potential treatment of Alzheimer?€?s disease including PRX012 that targets A?? (Amyloid beta).
PureTech Health Plc
Priority Technology Holdings Inc
Priority Technology Holdings Inc. Unit
Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.??is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel life-saving therapies for life-threatening diseases and other public health threats for civilian, government and??military use. The company?€?s lead commercial product, NUZYRA ?? (omadacycline), is??a once-daily oral and intravenous antibiotic available in the U.S. for the treatment of adults with community-acquired bacterial pneumonia and acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections. Paratek has a collaboration agreement with??Zai??Lab for the development and commercialization of omadacycline in the greater??China??region and retains all remaining global rights. Paratek exclusively licensed U.S. rights and rights to the greater China territory for SEYSARA ?? (sarecycline), a once-daily oral therapy for the treatment of moderate to severe acne vulgaris, to??Almirall, LLC, or??Almirall. Paratek retains the development and commercialization rights for sarecycline in the rest of the world. In 2019, Paratek was awarded a contract from the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority??(BARDA)??to support the development of NUZYRA for the treatment of pulmonary anthrax.
U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc. (U.S. Auto Parts) offers online sources for automotive aftermarket parts and repairs information. The Company principally sells its products, identified as stock keeping units (SKUs), to individual consumers through its network of Websites and online marketplaces. The Company's Websites provide customers with a selection of approximately two million SKUs with product descriptions and photographs. The Company has developed a product database that maps its SKUs to product applications based on vehicle makes, models and years. It offers a selection of aftermarket auto parts. U.S. Auto Parts classifies its products into three categories: body parts, engine parts, and performance parts and accessories. The Company sources its products from foreign manufacturers and importers located in Taiwan and China, and from the United States manufacturers and distributors.
Party City Holdings Inc., through its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, contracts for manufacture, and distributes party goods worldwide. The company operates in two segments, Wholesale and Retail. It offers a selection of decorated party goods with approximately 40,000 SKUs that include paper and plastic tableware, metallic and latex balloons, novelties, costumes and other garments, stationery, and gifts for everyday, themed, and seasonal events. The company also distributes its products to company-owned and franchised retail stores, other party goods retailers, mass merchants, independent card and gift stores, dollar stores, and other retailers and distributors. In addition, it operates specialty retail supply stores in the United States and Canada principally under the names Party City and Halloween City; and franchises individual stores and franchise areas throughout the United States and Puerto Rico principally under the name Party City. The company operates 860 party superstores, including approximately 210 franchised stores principally under the Party City banner, as well as a temporary Halloween network of approximately 300 locations under the Halloween City banner. Further, it operates e-commerce site, PartyCity.com that offers an assortment of products with approximately 35,000 stock keeping units. The company was founded in 1947 and is based in Elmsford, New York. Party City Holdings Inc. is a subsidiary of PC Intermediate Holdings, Inc.
Prudential Financial, Inc.??, a financial wellness leader and premier active global investment manager with more than??$1.5 trillion??in assets under management as of??September 30, 2020, has operations in??the United States,??Asia,??Europe, and??Latin America. Prudential's diverse and talented employees help to make lives better by creating financial opportunity for more people. Prudential's iconic Rock symbol has stood for strength, stability, expertise and innovation for more than a century.
Provention Bio, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on advancing the development of investigational therapies that may intercept and prevent debilitating and life-threatening immune-mediated disease. The Company has submitted a BLA to the FDA for its lead investigational drug candidate, teplizumab, for the delay or prevention of clinical type 1 diabetes (T1D) in at-risk individuals. The Company's pipeline includes additional clinical-stage product candidates that have demonstrated in pre-clinical or clinical studies proof-of-mechanism and/or proof-of-concept in other autoimmune diseases, including celiac disease and lupus.
Prevail Therapeutics Inc
Pluralsight is an enterprise technology learning platform that delivers a unified, end-to-end learning experience for businesses across the globe. Through a subscription service, companies are empowered to move at the speed of technology, increasing proficiency, innovation and efficiency. Founded in 2004 and trusted by Fortune 500 companies, Pluralsight provides members with on-demand access to a digital ecosystem of learning tools, including adaptive skill tests, directed learning paths, expert-authored courses, interactive labs and live mentoring. For more information, visit pluralsight.com.
Public Storage, a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500, is a REIT that primarily acquires, develops, owns and operates self-storage facilities. At June 30, 2020, we had: (i) interests in 2,500 self-storage facilities located in 38 states with approximately 171 million net rentable square feet in the United States, (ii) an approximate 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage SA (Euronext Brussels:SHUR) which owned 238 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 13 million net rentable square feet operated under the ?€?Shurgard?€? brand and (iii) an approximate 42% common equity interest in PS Business Parks, Inc. (NYSE:PSB) which owned and operated approximately 28 million rentable square feet of commercial space at June 30, 2020. Our headquarters are located in Glendale, California.
Public Storage Depositary Shares each representing 1/1000 of a 5.40% Cumulative Preferred Share of Beneficial Interest
Public Storage Depositary Shares Series C
Public Storage Depositary Shares Series D
Public Storage Depositary Shares Series E
Public Storage Depositary Shares Series G
Public Storage Cum Pfd Shs Ben Int Ser H

Public Storage
Public Storage
Public Storage

Property Solutions Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Com & 1 Wt Exp 03302027
Property Solutions Acquisition Corp
PS Business Parks, Inc. (PSB) is an integrated, self-advised and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT) that owns, operates acquires, and develops commercial properties, primarily multi-tenant flex, office and industrial space. PS Business Parks, L.P. (the Operating Partnership) is a California limited partnership, which owns directly or indirectly all of its assets and through which PSB conduct all of its business. PSB is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and, as of December 31, 2011, owned 76.8% of the common partnership units. The remaining common partnership units are owned by Public Storage (PS). In July 2012, it acquired 212th Business Park, a 958,000 square foot industrial park situated on 52 acres. In November 2013, PS Business Parks, Inc acquired nine multi-tenant flex buildings in the Valwood submarket of Dallas, Texas.
PS Business Parks Inc. Depositary Shares Series W
PS Business Parks Inc. Depositary Shares Series X
PS Business Parks Inc. 5.20% Cumulative Preferred Stock Series Y
PS Business Parks Inc. PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Dp ShRp 11000 Ser Z
Prospect Capital Corporation is a business development company that focuses on lending to and investing in private businesses. Prospect's investment objective is to generate both current income and long-term capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. Prospect has elected to be treated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (?€?1940 Act?€?). Prospect is required to comply with regulatory requirements under the 1940 Act as well as applicable NASDAQ, federal and state rules and regulations. We have elected to be treated as a regulated investment company under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
Diana Containerships Inc. operates in the seaborne transportation industry. It owns and operates containerships. As of December 31, 2014, its fleet consisted of seven panamax and four post-panamax containerships with a combined carrying capacity of 52,359 20-foot equivalent unit. The company was founded in 2010 and is based in Athens, Greece.
PriceSmart, headquartered in San Diego, owns and operates U.S.-style membership shopping warehouse clubs in Latin America and the Caribbean, selling high quality merchandise and services at low prices to PriceSmart Members. PriceSmart operates 46 warehouse clubs in 12 countries and one U.S. territory (eight in Costa Rica ; seven each in Colombia and Panama ; five in the Dominican Republic, four in Trinidad and Guatemala ; three in Honduras ; two each in El Salvador and Nicaragua ; and one each in Aruba, Barbados, Jamaica and the United States Virgin Islands ). The Company is currently constructing and plans to open a warehouse club in??Bogota, Colombia in December 2020. The Company reports comparable net merchandise sales on a "same week" basis with 13 weeks in each quarter beginning on a Monday and ending on a Sunday. The periods are established at the beginning of the fiscal year to provide as close a match as possible to the calendar month and quarter that is used for financial reporting purposes. This approach equalizes the number of weekend days and weekdays in each period for an improved sales comparison, as the Company experiences higher merchandise club sales on the weekends. Each of the warehouse clubs used in the calculations was open for at least 13 ?? calendar months before its results for the current period were compared with its results for the prior period. The term "currency exchange rates" refers to the currency exchange rates the Company uses to convert net merchandise and comparable net merchandise sales for all countries where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar into U.S. dollars. The Company calculates the effect of changes in currency exchange rates as the difference between current period activities translated using the current period's currency exchange rates and the comparable prior year period's currency exchange rates. The Company believes the disclosure of the effects of currency exchange rate fluctuations on the Company's results permits investors to understand better the Company's underlying performance. Club days lost means the total number of days one or more clubs are closed for an entire day because of government prohibitions on offering in-store shopping. For example, if one club was prohibited from offering in-store sales for five days during a month and another club was prohibited from offering in-store sales for two days during that month, we would say that we had seven club days lost during the month.
Parsons is a leading disruptive technology provider in the global defense, intelligence, and critical infrastructure markets, with capabilities across cybersecurity, missile defense, space, connected infrastructure, and smart cities. Please visit parsons.com, and follow us on LinkedIn and Facebook to learn how we're making an impact.
Personalis, Inc. is a leader in population sequencing and cancer genomics, with a focus on data, scale, efficiency and quality. Personalis operates one of the largest sequencing operations globally and is currently the sole sequencing provider to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Million Veteran Program (VA MVP). In oncology, Personalis is transforming the development of next-generation therapies by providing more comprehensive molecular data about each patient?€?s cancer and immune response. The Personalis ?? ImmunoID NeXT Platform is designed to adapt to the complex and evolving understanding of cancer, providing its biopharmaceutical customers with information on all of the approximately 20,000 human genes, together with the immune system, from a single tissue sample. The Personalis Clinical Laboratory is GxP-aligned as well as CLIA?€?88-certified and CAP-accredited.
Pearson plc, a learning company, provides learning materials, technologies, assessments, and services for teachers and students worldwide. It operates through North America, Growth, and Core segments. The company offers early learning solutions that help educators and families to teach fundamental math and literacy skills; elementary and secondary imprints publish leading school programs in reading, literature, math, science, and social studies; digital instructional solutions for pre K-12, such as enVisionMATH and Miller-Levine Biology; learning, talent, and clinical assessment services; primary and secondary education services; and academic and vocational qualification services. It also provides higher education services comprising content and curriculum solutions; workforce education products; flexible workforce development solutions; data, analytics, and adaptive learning services; efficacy research services; and English learning with vocational teaching in engineering, IT, architecture, and health sectors. In addition, the company??s Financial Times (FT) group provides essential news, comment, data, and analysis to professionals. The FT group includes the FT newspaper and FT.com, Financial Publishing, FT Chinese, FT Labs, Medley Global Advisors, and the New York Institute of Finance. Further, the company offers computer based testing and assessment services; and English language learning solutions, including centre-based learning for consumers, online business English learning solutions, and institutional English language publications. Pearson plc was founded in 1844 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.
Pure Storage gives technologists their time back. Pure delivers a modern data experience that empowers organizations to run their operations as a true, automated, storage as-a-service model seamlessly across multiple clouds. One of the fastest-growing enterprise IT companies in history, Pure helps customers put data to use while reducing the complexity and expense of managing the infrastructure behind it. And with a certified customer satisfaction score in the top one percent of B2B companies, Pure's ever-expanding list of customers are among the happiest in the world. Pure Storage, the "P" Logo, DirectFlash, Evergreen, FlashArray, FlashBlade, FlashStack and Pure1 are trademarks or registered trademarks of Pure Storage, Inc. All other trademarks or names referenced in this document are the property of their respective owners. Analyst Recognition: Pure Storage has been named a Leader in the 2019 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Primary Storage. SOURCE Pure Storage Related Links https://www.purestorage.com/

Pershing Square Tontine Holdings Ltd - Warrants (24/07/2025)
Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. is a leading regenerative medicine company developing novel placenta-based cell therapy product candidates. The Company has reported robust clinical trial data in multiple indications for its patented PLX cell product candidates and is currently conducting late stage clinical trials in several indications. PLX cell product candidates are believed to release a range of therapeutic proteins in response to inflammation, ischemia, muscle trauma, hematological disorders and radiation damage. The cells are grown using the Company's proprietary three-dimensional expansion technology and can be administered to patients off-the-shelf, without tissue matching. Pluristem has a strong intellectual property position; a Company-owned and operated GMP-certified manufacturing and research facility; strategic relationships with major research institutions; and a seasoned management team.
Postal Realty Trust, Inc. is an internally managed real estate investment trust that owns properties leased to the USPS. The Company believes it is one of the largest owners and managers of properties leased to the USPS.
Plus Therapeutics is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company whose radiotherapeutic portfolio is concentrated on nanoliposome-encapsulated radionuclides for several cancer targets. Central to the Company?€?s drug development is a unique nanotechnology platform designed to reformulate, deliver and commercialize multiple drugs targeting rare cancers and other diseases. The platform is designed to facilitate new delivery approaches and/or formulations of safe and effective, injectable drugs, potentially enhancing the safety, efficacy and convenience for patients and healthcare providers.
Poseida Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to utilizing our proprietary gene engineering platform technologies to create next generation cell and gene therapeutics with the capacity to cure. We have discovered and are developing a broad portfolio of product candidates in a variety of indications based on our core proprietary platforms, including our non-viral piggyBac ?? DNA Modification System, Cas-CLOVER??? site-specific gene editing system and nanoparticle- and AAV-based gene delivery technologies. Our core platform technologies have utility, either alone or in combination, across many cell and gene therapeutic modalities and enable us to engineer our wholly-owned portfolio of product candidates that are designed to overcome the primary limitations of current generation cell and gene therapeutics.
Phillips 66 is a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. With a portfolio of Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, and Marketing and Specialties businesses, the company processes, transports, stores and markets fuels and products globally. Phillips 66 Partners, the company's master limited partnership, is integral to the portfolio. Headquartered in Houston, the company has 14,500 employees committed to safety and operating excellence. Phillips 66 had $55 billion of assets as of June 30, 2020.
Headquartered in Houston, Phillips 66 Partners is a growth-oriented master limited partnership formed by Phillips 66 to own, operate, develop and acquire primarily fee-based crude oil, refined petroleum products and natural gas liquids pipelines, terminals and other midstream assets.
Pintec Technology Holdings Ltd ADR (Sponsored)
Cohen & Steers Tax-Advantaged Preferred Securities & Income Fund

Proptech Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Com & 12 Wt Exp 10012026

PTC Inc. develops and delivers technology solutions, comprised of software and services, that transform the way customers create and service their products The Company operates in two Software Products, which includes license and related support revenue for all its products except training-related products, and Services, which includes consulting, implementation, training and license and support revenue for computer-based training products. In July 2014, the Company acquired Atego, developer of model-based systems and software engineering applications.
PTC is a science-driven, global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of clinically differentiated medicines that provide benefits to patients with rare disorders. PTC's ability to globally commercialize products is the foundation that drives investment in a robust and diversified pipeline of transformative medicines and our mission to provide access to best-in-class treatments for patients who have an unmet medical need.
PolarityTE Inc
Patterson-UTI is a provider of oilfield services and products to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies in??North America, including market leading positions in contract drilling, pressure pumping and directional drilling services. SOURCE PATTERSON-UTI ENERGY, INC.




Protagonist Therapeutics is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company that utilizes a proprietary technology platform to discover and develop novel peptide-based therapeutics to address significant unmet medical needs and transform existing treatment paradigms for patients. The Company currently has three clinical-stage assets. PTG-300 is an injectable hepcidin mimetic in development for the treatment of polycythemia vera and other blood disorders. PTG-200 is an orally delivered, gut-restricted, interleukin-23 receptor specific antagonist peptide in development for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease, with Crohn's disease as the initial indication. In addition to PTG-200, two oral peptide interleukin-23 receptor antagonist candidates from a collaboration with Janssen Biotech, Inc., are in development and have been selected for advancement into clinical studies. PN-943 is an orally delivered, gut-restricted alpha-4-beta-7 integrin specific antagonist peptide in development for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease, with ulcerative colitis as the initial targeted indication. Protagonist is headquartered in Newark, California.
Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Boston, MA.

PTK Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Com & 1 Wt Exp 2025
PTK Acquisition Corp - Warrants (01/01/9999)
Portman Ridge Finance Corporation is a publicly traded, externally managed investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Portman Ridge Finance Corporation?€?s middle market investment business originates, structures, finances and manages a portfolio of term loans, mezzanine investments and selected equity securities in middle market companies. The Company?€?s investment activities are managed by its investment adviser, Sierra Crest Investment Management LLC, an affiliate of BC Partners Advisors, LP.
Palatin Technologies, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, develops peptide therapeutics for the treatment of diseases. The company??s clinical development product is Bremelanotide, a peptide melanocortin receptor agonist that has completed Phase 2B clinical trial for the treatment of female sexual dysfunction (FSD). Its drug development programs include Melanocortin receptor-1 agonist peptides for the treatment of inflammatory and dermatologic disease indications; Next Generation Melanocortin receptor-4 peptide agonists, which is in preclinical trials for the treatment of erectile dysfunction; and PL-3994, a natriuretic peptide receptor-A agonist that has completed Phase I clinical trial for the treatment of cardiovascular and pulmonary indications, as well as other melanocortin programs. The company has a license, co-development, and commercialization agreement with Gedeon Richter Plc to commercialize Bremelanotide for FSD in Europe and selected countries; and research collaboration and license agreement with AstraZeneca AB to discover, develop, and commercialize compounds that target melanocortin receptors for the treatment of obesity, diabetes, and related metabolic syndrome. Palatin Technologies, Inc. was founded in 1986 and is based in Cranbury, New Jersey.
Partner Communications Company Ltd. ("Partner") is a leading Israeli provider of telecommunications services (cellular, fixed-line telephony, internet and television services). Partner?€?s ADSs are quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market??? and its shares are traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (NASDAQ and TASE: PTNR).
Peloton is the largest interactive fitness platform in the world with a loyal community of over 1.4 million Members. We pioneered connected, technology-enabled fitness, and the streaming of immersive, instructor-led boutique classes to our Members anytime, anywhere. We make fitness entertaining, approachable, effective, and convenient, while fostering social connections that encourage our Members to be the best versions of themselves. We define a Member as any individual who has a Peloton account.
PetroChina Company Limited produces and sells oil and gas in the People??s Republic of China. The company operates in four segments: Exploration and Production, Refining and Chemicals, Marketing, and Natural Gas and Pipeline. The Exploration and Production segment is involved in the exploration, development, production, and marketing of crude oil and natural gas. The Refining and Chemicals segment refines crude oil and petroleum products; and produces and markets primary petrochemical products, derivative petrochemical products, and other chemical products. The Marketing segment is engaged in marketing refined products, as well as trading business. The Natural Gas and Pipeline segment is involved in the transmission of natural gas, crude oil, and refined oil products. It also operates a network of service stations. The company operates oil and gas pipelines of 71,020 km consisting of 43,872 km of natural gas pipelines, 17,614 km of crude oil pipelines, and 9,534 km of refined product pipelines. PetroChina Company Limited was founded in 1988 and is based in Beijing, the People??s Republic of China. PetroChina Company Limited is a subsidiary of China National Petroleum Corporation.
Partners Bancorp is the holding company for The Bank of Delmarva and Virginia Partners Bank. The Bank of Delmarva commenced operations in 1896. The Bank of Delmarva?€?s main office is in Seaford, Delaware and it conducts full service commercial banking through eleven branch locations in Maryland and Delaware, and three branches, operating under the name Liberty Bell Bank, in the South Jersey/Philadelphia metro market. The Bank of Delmarva focuses on serving its local communities, knowing its customers and providing superior customer service. Virginia Partners Bank, headquartered in Fredericksburg, Virginia, was founded in 2008 and has three branches in Fredericksburg, Virginia. In Maryland, Virginia Partners Bank trades under the name Maryland Partners Bank (a division of Virginia Partners Bank), and operates a full service branch and commercial banking office in La Plata, Maryland and a Loan Production Office in Annapolis, Maryland. Virginia Partners Bank also owns a controlling stake in Johnson Mortgage Company, LLC, which is a residential mortgage company headquartered in Newport News, Virginia, with branch offices in Fredericksburg and Williamsburg, Virginia.
P.A.M. Transportation Services, Inc. is a leading truckload dry van carrier transporting general commodities throughout the continental United States, as well as in the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec. The Company also provides transportation services in Mexico through its gateways in Laredo and El Paso, Texas under agreements with Mexican carriers.
Protective Insurance Corporation Class A (voting) Common Stock
Protective Insurance Corporation Class B (nonvoting) Common Stock
Pactiv Evergreen Inc. is a manufacturer and distributor of fresh foodservice and food merchandising products and fresh beverage cartons in North America and certain international markets. It supplies its products to a broad and diversified mix of companies, including full service restaurants and quick service restaurants, foodservice distributors, supermarkets, grocery and healthy eating retailers, other food stores, food and beverage producers, food packers and food processors.
Prudential plc, together with its subsidiaries, provides a range of retail financial products and services, and asset management services to individuals and businesses in Asia, Europe, the United States, and the United Kingdom. It offers health, disability, critical illness, and accident coverage products. The company also provides long-term savings and retirement products to retail and institutional customers, as well as fixed annuities, variable annuities, and institutional products, including guaranteed investment contracts, funding agreements, and medium-term note funding agreements. Prudential plc was founded in 1848 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.

Prudential Public Limited Company 6.50% Perpetual Subordinated Capital Securities Exchangeable at the Issuer's Option Into Non-Cumulative Dollar Denominated Pre
Pulmatrix is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative inhaled therapies to address serious pulmonary and non-pulmonary disease using its patented iSPERSE??? technology. The Company's proprietary product pipeline is initially focused on advancing treatments for serious lung diseases, including Pulmazole, an inhaled anti-fungal for patients with allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis ("ABPA"), and PUR1800, a narrow spectrum kinase inhibitor in lung cancer. Pulmatrix's product candidates are based on iSPERSE???, its proprietary engineered dry powder delivery platform, which seeks to improve therapeutic delivery to the lungs by maximizing local concentrations and reducing systemic side effects to improve patient outcomes.
ProPetro Holding Corp. is a Midland, Texas-based oilfield services company providing pressure pumping and other complementary services to leading upstream oil and gas companies engaged in the exploration and production of North American unconventional oil and natural gas resources.
Puyi Inc ADR
Penn Virginia Corporation is a pure-play independent oil and gas company engaged in the development and production of oil, natural gas liquids, or NGLs, and natural gas, with operations in the Eagle Ford shale in south Texas.
Provident Bancorp, Inc. is a Maryland corporation that was formed in 2019 to be the successor corporation to Provident Bancorp, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, and the holding company for The Provident Bank, which also operates under the name BankProv. The Provident Bank is an innovative, commercial bank that finds solutions for our business and private clients. We are committed to strengthening the economic development of the regions we serve, by working closely with businesses and private clients and delivering superior products and high-touch services to meet their banking needs. The Provident has offices in Massachusetts and New Hampshire. All deposits are insured in full through a combination of insurance provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the Depositors Insurance Fund (DIF).
Pretium Resources Inc. is an exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of precious metal resource properties in the Americas. Its projects include the Brucejack Project and the Snowfield Project, which are advanced-stage exploration projects located in northwestern British Columbia. The Brucejack Project is a gold-silver exploration project consisted of six mineral claims totaling 3,199.28 hectares in area. As of December 31, 2011, the Brucejack Report was consisted of eight different zones on the West Zone, Bridge Zone, Low Grade Halo Zone, Shore Zone, Galena Hill Zone, Gossan Hill Zone, SG Zone and Valley of Kings (VOK) Zone. In April 2013, Liberty Metal & Mining Holdings LLC, a unit of Liberty Mutual Holding Co Inc's Liberty Mutual Insurance Co subsidiary, acquired a 5.653% stake in Pretium Resources Inc.
PVH is one of the most admired fashion and lifestyle companies in the world. We power brands that drive fashion forward ?€? for good. Our brand portfolio includes the iconic CALVIN KLEIN, TOMMY HILFIGER, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner?€?s, Olga and Geoffrey Beene brands, as well as the digital-centric True&Co. intimates brand. We market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands. PVH has over 40,000 associates operating in over 40 countries and $9.9 billion in annual revenues. That's the Power of Us. That?€?s the Power of PVH. Follow us on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and LinkedIn. About RE100 RE100 is a global initiative bringing together the world?€?s most influential businesses committed to 100% renewable power. Led by the Climate Group in partnership with CDP, the group has a total revenue of over US$5.4 trillion and operates in a diverse range of sectors. Together, they send a powerful signal to policymakers and investors to accelerate the transition to a clean economy. #RE100 *PVH defines the ?€?world?€?s most powerful solar roof?€? as the most powerful solar roof that is currently operational and installed on one singular structure.
Permianville Royalty Trust Trust Units
Power REIT is a real estate investment trust that owns real estate related to infrastructure assets including properties for Controlled Environment Agriculture, Renewable Energy and Transportation. Power REIT is actively seeking to expand its real estate portfolio related to Controlled Environment Agriculture and Renewable Energy.
Power REIT 7.75% Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock
I.D. Systems, Inc. (I.D. Systems) is engaged in developing, marketing and selling wireless solutions for managing and securing high-value enterprise assets. The Company operates in two segments: IDS and AI. These assets include industrial vehicles, such as forklifts, airport ground support equipment, rental vehicles, and transportation assets, such as dry van trailers, refrigerated trailers, railcars and containers. The Company's patented systems utilize radio frequency identification (RFID), wireless fidelity (Wi-Fi), satellite or cellular communications, and sensor technology to address the needs of organizations to control, track, monitor and analyze their assets. The Company has focused its business activities on three primary applications, including industrial fleet management, transportation asset management and rental fleet management.
Penns Woods Bancorp, Inc. is the bank holding company for Jersey Shore State Bank and Luzerne Bank. The banks serve customers in North Central and North Eastern Pennsylvania through their retail banking, commercial banking, mortgage services and financial services divisions. Penns Woods Bancorp, Inc. stock is listed on the NASDAQ National Market under the symbol PWOD.
Quanta Services is a leading specialized contracting services company, delivering comprehensive infrastructure solutions for the utility, pipeline, energy and communications industries. Quanta's comprehensive services include designing, installing, repairing and maintaining energy and communications infrastructure. With operations throughout the United States, Canada, Australia and select other international markets, Quanta has the manpower, resources and expertise to safely complete projects that are local, regional, national or international in scope.
Pioneer Natural Resources Company (Pioneer) is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with operations in the United States and South Africa. Pioneer is a holding company whose assets consist of direct and indirect ownership interests in, and whose business is conducted substantially through, its subsidiaries. It sells homogenous oil, natural gas liquid (NGL) and gas units. The Company provides administrative, financial, legal and management support to United States and South Africa subsidiaries that explore for, develop and produce proved reserves. The Company's continuing operations are principally located in the United States in the states of Texas, Kansas, Colorado and Alaska. In April 2012, it acquired Carmeuse Industrial Sands (CIS). In August 2012, the Company sold its South Africa business to The Petroleum Oil and Gas Corporation of South Africa (SOC) Ltd. (PetroSA).
Pixelworks provides industry-leading content creation, video delivery and display processing solutions and technology that enable highly authentic viewing experiences with superior visual quality, across all screens ?€? from cinema to smartphone and beyond. The Company has a 20-year history of delivering image processing innovation to leading providers of consumer electronics, professional displays and video streaming services. Pixelworks is headquartered in San Jose, CA.
We own a modern fleet of five tankers engaged in seaborne transportation of refined petroleum products and other bulk liquids. We are focused on growing our fleet of medium range product tankers, which provide operational flexibility and enhanced earnings potential due to their ?€?eco?€? features and modifications. Pyxis Tankers is positioned to opportunistically expand and maximize the value of its fleet due to competitive cost structure, strong customer relationships and an experienced management team, whose interests are aligned with those of its shareholders.
Pyxis Tankers Inc
Pyxis Tankers Inc - Warrants (19/08/2025)
PolyPid Ltd
PayPal has remained at the forefront of the digital payment revolution for more than 20 years. By leveraging technology to make financial services and commerce more convenient, affordable, and secure, the PayPal platform is empowering more than 350 million consumers and merchants in more than 200 markets to join and thrive in the global economy.
Merrill Lynch Depositor Inc. PPLUS Cl A 6.3% TRUCs Series RRD-1 for R.R. Donnell
No Description Available
Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. is a U.S. based precious metals exploration and development company. Paramount?€?s strategy is to create shareholder value through exploring and developing its mineral properties and to realize this value for its shareholders in three ways: by selling its assets to established producers; entering into joint ventures with producers for construction and operation; or constructing and operating mines for its own account. Paramount owns 100% of the Grassy Mountain Gold Project which consists of approximately 11,000 acres located on private and BLM land in Malheur County, Oregon. The Grassy Mountain Gold Project contains a gold-silver deposit (100% located on private land) for which results of a positive Pre-Feasibility Study have been released and key permitting milestones accomplished. Paramount owns a 100% interest in the Sleeper Gold Project located in Northern Nevada, the world?€?s premier mining jurisdiction. The Sleeper Gold Project, which includes the former producing Sleeper mine, totals 2,322 unpatented mining claims (approximately 60 square miles or 15,500 hectares). The Sleeper gold project is host to a large gold deposit (over 4 million ounces of mineralized material) and the Company has completed and released a positive Preliminary Economic Assessment.
Pzena Investment Management, LLC, the firm's operating company, is a value-oriented investment management firm. Founded in 1995, Pzena Investment Management has built a diverse, global client base.
Papa John's International, Inc. (Papa John's) operates and franchises pizza delivery and carryout restaurants and, in certain international markets, dine-in and restaurant-based delivery restaurants under the trademark Papa John's. The Company operates in six segments: domestic Company-owned restaurants, domestic commissaries (Quality Control Centers), North America franchising, international operations, variable interest entities (VIEs) and all other business units. Its Company owned restaurants includes 182 restaurants operated under four joint venture arrangements. The Company also owns and operates restaurants in Beijing and North China. In April 2012, it acquired 56 franchised Papa John's restaurants in the Denver and Minneapolis markets.
QAD Inc. (QAD) is a worldwide provider of enterprise software applications, and related services and support. QAD provides enterprise software applications to global manufacturing companies primarily in the automotive, consumer products, food and beverage, high technology, industrial products and life sciences industries. QAD software is used by over 2,500 global manufacturing companies. QAD's enterprise resource planning (ERP) suite is called QAD Enterprise Applications, which is also known as MFG/PRO. QAD Enterprise Applications supports its global manufacturing customers business needs. QAD sells licenses to its software under a perpetual licensing model. Customers who purchase perpetual licenses deploy the application using an on premise model on their own servers. In June 2012, the Company acquired Strasbourg, France based DynaSys S.A. In December 2012, the Company acquired CEBOS, Ltd.
QAD Inc. (QAD) is a worldwide provider of enterprise software applications, and related services and support. QAD provides enterprise software applications to global manufacturing companies primarily in the automotive, consumer products, food and beverage, high technology, industrial products and life sciences industries. QAD software is used by over 2,500 global manufacturing companies. QAD's enterprise resource planning (ERP) suite is called QAD Enterprise Applications, which is also known as MFG/PRO. QAD Enterprise Applications supports its global manufacturing customers business needs. QAD sells licenses to its software under a perpetual licensing model. Customers who purchase perpetual licenses deploy the application using an on premise model on their own servers. In June 2012, the Company acquired Strasbourg, France based DynaSys S.A. In December 2012, the Company acquired CEBOS, Ltd.
QUALCOMM Incorporated (Qualcomm) is engaged in designing and manufacturing of digital communications products and services based on code division multiple access (CDMA), Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDMA) and other technologies. The Company operates in four segments: Qualcomm CDMA Technologies (QCT); Qualcomm Technology Licensing (QTL); Qualcomm Wireless & Internet (QWI), and Qualcomm Strategic Initiatives (QSI). The Company develops and supply integrated circuits and system software based on CDMA, OFDMA and other technologies for uses in voice and data communications, networking, application processing, multimedia and global positioning system products. Effective July 4, 2013, Bharti Airtel Ltd raised its interest to 51% from 49% by acquiring a 2% interest in Qualcomm India Pvt Ltd, from Qualcomm Inc. In November 2013, the Company sold its subsidiary, Omnitracs, Inc to Vista Equity Partners.
QCR Holdings, Inc. is a multi-bank holding company. The Company serves the Quad Cities, Cedar Rapids, and Rockford communities through its three wholly owned banking subsidiaries, which provide full-service commercial and consumer banking and trust and asset management services. The Company's principal business consists of attracting deposits and investing those deposits in loans/leases and securities. Its subsidiaries include Quad City Bank and Trust Company (QCBT), Cedar Rapids Bank and Trust Company (CRBT) and Rockford Bank and Trust Company (RB&T). It also engages in direct financing lease contracts through the 80% equity investment of QCBT in m2 Lease Funds, LLC (m2), and in real estate holdings through its 91% equity investment in Velie Plantation Holding Company, LLC (VPHC). In October 2013, QCR Holdings Inc announced the completion of sale of the two Austin, Minnesota branches of Community National Bank to Eastwood Bank.
QUADRAMED CORP
Quidel Corporation serves to enhance the health and well-being of people around the globe through the development of diagnostic solutions that can lead to improved patient outcomes and provide economic benefits to the healthcare system. Marketed under the Sofia??, QuickVue??, D3?? Direct Detection, Thyretain??, Triage?? and InflammaDry?? leading brand names, as well as under the Solana??, AmpliVue?? and Lyra?? molecular diagnostic brands, Quidel?€?s products aid in the detection and diagnosis of many critical diseases and conditions, including, among others, COVID-19, influenza, respiratory syncytial virus, Strep A, lyme, herpes, pregnancy, thyroid disease and fecal occult blood. Quidel's Triage?? system of tests comprises a comprehensive test menu that provides rapid, cost-effective treatment decisions at the point-of-care (POC), offering a diverse immunoassay menu in a variety of tests to provide diagnostic answers for quantitative BNP, CK-MB, d-dimer, myoglobin, troponin I and qualitative TOX Drug Screen. Quidel?€?s research and development engine is also developing a continuum of diagnostic solutions from advanced immunoassay to molecular diagnostic tests to further improve the quality of healthcare in physicians?€? offices and hospital and reference laboratories.
Qell Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
QEP Resources, Inc. is an independent crude oil and natural gas exploration and production company focused in two regions of the United States: the Southern Region (primarily in Texas) and the Northern Region (primarily in North Dakota).
360 Finance Inc - ADR
QIAGEN N.V., (QIAGEN) is a holding company, which provides sample and assay technologies. The consumable products such as sample and assay kits and automated instrumentation systems provides customers to transform raw biological samples into valuable molecular information.The Company serves four customer classes: Molecular Diagnostics laboratories; Applied Testing customers in fields such as forensics, veterinary diagnostics and food safety; Pharmaceutical research and development groups, and Academic researchers. The Company market its products in more than 100 countries. The Company offers more than 500 core consumable products as well as a number of instrument solutions to automate the processing of almost all QIAGEN products used for sample preparation and subsequent analysis. On May 3, 2012, the Company acquired AmniSure International LLC.
Quhuo Ltd ADR
QIWI plc. is a provider of payment services in Russia and Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). The Company has an integrated network that enables payment services across physical, online and mobile channels. The Company has deployed over 11 million virtual wallets, over 169,000 kiosks and terminals, and enabled over 40,000 merchants to accept cash and electronic payments monthly from over 65 million consumers using the Company 's network at least once a month. The Company's consumers can use cash, stored value and other electronic payment methods to order and pay for goods and services across physical or online environments interchangeably.
Q&K International Group Ltd ADR Sponsored
Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. is a biotechnology company focused on developing novel therapeutics for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases, as well as maintaining and expanding its core FDA-approved FastPack?? System, which has been used successfully in diagnostics for almost 20 years. The Company's cancer therapeutics pipeline includes ALAN (AS1411-GNP), RAS-F and STARS???. ALAN (AS1411-GNP) is a DNA coated gold nanoparticle cancer drug candidate that has the potential to target various types of cancer with minimal side effects. The foundational nucleolin-targeting DNA aptamer of ALAN, AS1411, is also being studied as a drug candidate??for use in treating COVID-19 and other viral-based infectious diseases. RAS-F is a family of RAS oncogene protein-protein interaction inhibitor small molecules for preventing mutated RAS genes' proteins from binding to their effector proteins; preventing this binding could stop tumor growth, especially in pancreatic, colorectal and lung cancers. STARS is a DNA/RNA-based treatment device candidate for removal from circulating blood of precisely targeted tumor-produced and viral compounds. Because Qualigen's therapeutic candidates are still in the development stage, Qualigen's only products that are currently commercially available are FastPack System diagnostic instruments and test kits, used in physician offices, clinics and small hospitals around the world. The FastPack System menu includes rapid point-of-care diagnostic tests for cancer, men's health, hormone function, vitamin D status and antibodies against SARS-CoV-2. Qualigen's facility in Carlsbad, California is FDA and ISO Certified and its FastPack product line is sold worldwide by its commercial partner Sekisui Diagnostics, LLC.
The Underlying Index is designed to reflect the performance of a selection of companies that, in aggregate, possess lower overall absolute volatility characteristics relative to the Northern Trust 1250 Index (the ?€?Parent Index?€?), a float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index of U.S. domiciled large- and mid-capitalization companies. In addition, the Underlying Index is designed to select companies from the Parent Index that exhibit financial strength, stability and enhanced risk-return characteristics, which Northern Trust Investments, Inc. (?€?NTI?€? or the ?€?Investment Adviser?€?) believes can provide equity-market participation while protecting against downside risks during certain market environments.  To derive the Underlying Index, NTI, acting in its capacity as the index provider (the ?€?Index Provider?€?) ranks all constituents of the Parent Index using a Northern Trust proprietary quality factor. This factor is a quantitative ranking based on: (a) management expertise (e.g. corporate finance activities); (b)??profitability (e.g.??reliability and sustainability of financial performance); and (c) cash flow (e.g., cash flow generation). The Index Provider then excludes the lowest quintile of constituents ranked according to the quality factor and uses an optimization process to select and weight eligible securities in order to (a)??reduce overall portfolio volatility and (b) maximize the overall quality factor relative to the Parent Index. The optimization also includes sector, industry group and single-security weight constraints so that these characteristics of the Underlying Index vary within acceptable bands relative to the Parent Index.  As of December 31, 2019, the Underlying Index was comprised of 136 constituent securities with market capitalizations ranging from $2.9 billion to $1.3 trillion. The Underlying Index is governed by published, objective rules for security selection, exclusion, weighting, rebalancing and adjustments for corporate actions. It is reconstituted quarterly. The composition of the Underlying Index will change over time. The inception date of the Underlying Index is December 31, 2013. NTI uses a ?€?passive?€? or indexing approach to try to achieve the Fund?€?s investment objective. Unlike many investment companies, the Fund does not try to ?€?beat?€? the index it tracks and does not seek temporary defensive positions when markets decline or appear overvalued. In addition to tracking the performance of the Underlying Index, the Investment Adviser seeks to minimize portfolio turnover and tax inefficiencies.  NTI uses a representative sampling strategy to manage the Fund. ?€?Representative sampling?€? is investing in a representative sample of securities that collectively has an investment profile similar to the Underlying Index. The Fund may or may not hold all of the securities that are included in the Underlying Index. The Fund reserves the right to invest in substantially all of the securities in its Underlying Index in approximately the same proportions (i.e., replication) if NTI determines that it is in the best interest of the Fund.  Under normal circumstances, the Fund will invest at least 80% of its total assets (exclusive of collateral held from securities lending) in the securities of the Underlying Index. The Fund may also invest up to 20% of its assets in cash and cash equivalents, including shares of money market funds advised by NTI or its affiliates, futures contracts and options on futures contracts, as well as securities not included in the Underlying Index, but which NTI believes will help the Fund track its Underlying Index.  The Underlying Index is created and sponsored by NTI, as the Index Provider. NTI also serves as the investment adviser to the Fund. The Index Provider determines the composition and relative weightings of the securities in the Underlying Index and publishes information regarding the market value of the Underlying Index.  The Fund may lend securities representing up to one-third of the value of the Fund?€?s total assets (including the value of the collateral received).  The Fund is ?€?non-diversified?€? under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (?€?1940 Act?€?), as amended, and may invest more of its assets in fewer issuers than ?€?diversified?€? funds.  Industry Concentration Policy. The Fund will concentrate its investments (i.e., hold 25% or more of its total assets) in a particular industry or group of industries to approximately the same extent that the Underlying Index is concentrated.
The Underlying Index is designed to reflect the performance of a selection of companies that, in aggregate, possess lower overall absolute volatility characteristics relative to a broad universe of securities domiciled in developed market countries, excluding the U.S. (the ?€?Parent Index?€?). The Parent Index is a subset of the Northern Trust Global Index, where eligible securities are limited to those domiciled in non-U.S. developed market countries and designated as large- and mid-capitalization companies by Northern Trust Investments, Inc. (?€?NTI?€? or the ?€?Investment Adviser?€?), acting in its capacity as the index provider (the ?€?Index Provider?€?). In addition, the Underlying Index is designed to select companies from the Parent Index that exhibit financial strength, stability and enhanced risk-return characteristics, which NTI believes can provide equity-market participation while protecting against downside risks during certain market environments.  To derive the Underlying Index, the Index Provider ranks all constituents of the Parent Index using a Northern Trust proprietary quality factor. This factor is a quantitative ranking based on: (a) management expertise (e.g. corporate finance activities); (b)??profitability (e.g.??reliability and sustainability of financial performance); and (c) cash flow (e.g., cash flow generation). The Index Provider then excludes the lowest quintile of constituents ranked according to the quality factor and uses an optimization process to select and weight eligible securities in order to (a)??reduce overall portfolio volatility and (b) maximize the overall quality factor relative to the Parent Index. The optimization also includes sector, industry group and single-security weight constraints so that these characteristics of the Underlying Index vary within acceptable bands relative to the Parent Index.  As of December 31, 2019, the Underlying Index was comprised of 197 constituent securities with market capitalizations ranging from $3.1 billion to $314.8 billion. As of December 31, 2019, the top five countries (by weighting) represented in the Underlying Index were Japan (23.2%), Great Britain (14.2%), Switzerland (10.9%), Canada (10.8%), and France (8.5%). The Underlying Index is governed by published, objective rules for security selection, exclusion, weighting, rebalancing and adjustments for corporate actions and is reconstituted quarterly. The composition of the Underlying Index will change over time. The inception date of the Underlying Index is February??28, 2019.  NTI uses a ?€?passive?€? or indexing approach to try to achieve the Fund?€?s investment objective. Unlike many investment companies, the Fund does not try to ?€?beat?€? the index it tracks and does not seek temporary defensive positions when markets decline or appear overvalued. In addition to tracking the performance of the Underlying Index, the Investment Adviser seeks to minimize portfolio turnover and tax inefficiencies.  NTI uses a representative sampling strategy to manage the Fund. ?€?Representative sampling?€? is investing in a representative sample of securities that collectively has an investment profile similar to the Underlying Index. The Fund may or may not hold all of the securities that are included in the Underlying Index. The Fund reserves the right to invest in substantially all of the securities in its Underlying Index in approximately the same proportions (i.e., replication) if NTI determines that it is in the best interest of the Fund.  Under normal circumstances, the Fund will invest at least 80% of its total assets (exclusive of collateral held from securities lending) in the securities of the Underlying Index and in American Depositary Receipts (?€?ADRs?€?) and Global Depositary Receipts (?€?GDRs?€?) (collectively ?€?Depositary Receipts?€?) based on the securities in the Underlying Index.  The Fund may also invest up to 20% of its assets in cash and cash equivalents, including shares of money market funds advised by NTI or its affiliates, futures contracts, options on futures contracts and forward currency contracts, as well as securities not included in the Underlying Index, but which NTI believes will help the Fund track its Underlying Index.  The Underlying Index is created and sponsored by NTI, as the Index Provider. NTI also serves as the investment adviser to the Fund. The Index Provider determines the composition and relative weightings of the securities in the Underlying Index and publishes information regarding the market value of the Underlying Index.  The Fund may lend securities representing up to one-third of the value of the Fund?€?s total assets (including the value of the collateral received).  The Fund is ?€?non-diversified?€? under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (?€?1940 Act?€?), as amended, and may invest more of its assets in fewer issuers than ?€?diversified?€? funds.  Industry Concentration Policy. The Fund will concentrate its investments (i.e., hold 25% or more of its total assets) in a particular industry or group of industries to approximately the same extent that the Underlying Index is concentrated.
The Underlying Index is designed to reflect the performance of a selection of companies that, in aggregate, possess lower overall absolute volatility characteristics relative to a broad universe of securities domiciled in emerging market countries, (the ?€?Parent Index?€?). The Parent Index is a subset of the Northern Trust Global Index, limited to those securities domiciled in emerging markets and designated as large- and mid-capitalization companies by Northern Trust Investments, Inc. (?€?NTI?€? or the ?€?Investment Adviser?€?), acting in its capacity as the index provider (the ?€?Index Provider?€?). In addition, the Underlying Index is designed to select companies from the Parent Index that exhibit financial strength, stability and enhanced risk-return characteristics, which NTI believes can provide equity-market participation while protecting against downside risks during certain market environments. To derive the Underlying Index, the Index Provider ranks all constituents of the Parent Index using a Northern Trust proprietary quality factor. This factor is a quantitative ranking based on: (a) management expertise (e.g. corporate finance activities); (b) profitability (e.g. reliability and sustainability of financial performance); and (c) cash flow (e.g. cash flow generation). The Index Provider then excludes the lowest quintile of constituents ranked according to the quality factor and uses an optimization process to select and weight eligible securities in order to (a)??reduce overall portfolio volatility and (b) maximize the overall quality factor relative to the Parent Index. The optimization also includes sector, industry group and single-security weight constraints so that these characteristics of the Underlying Index vary within acceptable bands relative to the Parent Index. As of December 31, 2019, the Underlying Index was comprised of 174 constituent securities with market capitalizations ranging from $1.4 billion to $602.4 billion. As of December 31, 2019, the top five countries (by weighting) represented in the Underlying Index were China (29.2%), Taiwan (14.3%), South Korea (10.8%), India (7.8%), and Brazil (6.7%). The Underlying Index is governed by published, objective rules for security selection, exclusion, weighting, rebalancing and adjustments for corporate actions and is reconstituted quarterly. The composition of the Underlying Index will change over time. The inception date of the Underlying Index is June??30, 2014. NTI uses a ?€?passive?€? or indexing approach to try to achieve the Fund?€?s investment objective. Unlike many investment companies, the Fund does not try to ?€?beat?€? the index it tracks and does not seek temporary defensive positions when markets decline or appear overvalued. In addition to tracking the performance of the Underlying Index, the Investment Adviser seeks to minimize portfolio turnover and tax inefficiencies. NTI uses a representative sampling strategy to manage the Fund. ?€?Representative sampling?€? is investing in a representative sample of securities that collectively has an investment profile similar to the Underlying Index. The Fund may or may not hold all of the securities that are included in the Underlying Index. The Fund reserves the right to invest in substantially all of the securities in its Underlying Index in approximately the same proportions (i.e., replication) if NTI determines that it is in the best interest of the Fund. Under normal circumstances, the Fund will invest at least 80% of its total assets (exclusive of collateral held from securities lending) in the securities of the Underlying Index and in American Depositary Receipts (?€?ADRs?€?) and Global Depositary Receipts (?€?GDRs?€?) (collectively ?€?Depositary Receipts?€?) based on the securities in the Underlying Index. The Fund may also invest up to 20% of its assets in cash and cash equivalents, including shares of money market funds advised by NTI or its affiliates, futures contracts, options on futures contracts and forward currency contracts, as well as securities not included in the Underlying Index, but which NTI believes will help the Fund track its Underlying Index. The Underlying Index is created and sponsored by NTI, as the Index Provider. NTI also serves as the investment adviser to the Fund. The Index Provider determines the composition and relative weightings of the securities in the Underlying Index and publishes information regarding the market value of the Underlying Index. The Fund may lend securities representing up to one-third of the value of the Fund?€?s total assets (including the value of the collateral received). The Fund is ?€?non-diversified?€? under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (?€?1940 Act?€?), as amended, and may invest more of its assets in fewer issuers than ?€?diversified?€? funds. Industry Concentration Policy.  The Fund will concentrate its investments (i.e., hold 25% or more of its total assets) in a particular industry or group of industries to approximately the same extent that the Underlying Index is concentrated.
Qualys, Inc. is a pioneer and leading provider of cloud-based security and compliance solutions with over 15,700 active customers in more than 130 countries, including a majority of each of the Forbes Global 100 and Fortune 100. Qualys helps organizations streamline and consolidate their security and compliance solutions in a single platform and build security into digital transformation initiatives for greater agility, better business outcomes, and substantial cost savings. The Qualys Cloud Platform and its integrated Cloud Apps deliver businesses critical security intelligence continuously, enabling them to automate the full spectrum of auditing, compliance, and protection for IT systems and web applications across on premises, endpoints, cloud, containers, and mobile environments. Founded in 1999 as one of the first SaaS security companies, Qualys has established strategic partnerships with leading cloud providers like Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure and the Google Cloud Platform, and managed service providers and consulting organizations including Accenture, BT, Cognizant Technology Solutions, Deutsche Telekom, DXC Technology, Fujitsu, HCL Technologies, IBM, Infosys, NTT, Optiv, SecureWorks, Tata Communications, Verizon and Wipro. The company is also a founding member of the Cloud Security Alliance.
Quantum technology and services help customers capture, create and share digital content ?€? and preserve and protect it for decades. With solutions built for every stage of the data lifecycle, Quantum's platforms provide the fastest performance for high-resolution video, images, and industrial IoT. That's why the world's leading entertainment companies, sports franchises, researchers, government agencies, enterprises, and cloud providers are making the world happier, safer, and smarter on Quantum. Quantum is listed on Nasdaq (QMCO) and was added to the Russell 2000?? Index in 2020.
QuinStreet,??Inc. is a leader in providing performance marketplace technologies and services to the financial services and home services industries. QuinStreet is a pioneer in delivering online marketplace solutions to match searchers with brands in digital media. The company is committed to providing consumers with the information and tools they need to research, find and select the products and brands that meet their needs.
Quest is a national provider??of??services that enable customers to achieve and satisfy their environmental and sustainability goals and responsibilities. Quest provides businesses across multiple industry sectors with single source, customer specific solutions to address a wide variety of waste streams and recyclables generated by their operations. Quest also provides information and data that tracks and reports the environmental results of Quest?€?s services, provides actionable data to improve business operations, and enables Quest?€?s customers to achieve and satisfy their environmental and sustainability goals and responsibilities.
Liberty Interactive Corporation Series A QVC Group Common Stock
Liberty Interactive Corporation Series B QVC Group Common Stock
Qurate Retail Inc
Qorvo makes a better world possible by providing innovative Radio Frequency (RF) solutions at the center of connectivity. We combine product and technology leadership, systems-level expertise and global manufacturing scale to quickly solve our customers' most complex technical challenges. Qorvo serves diverse high-growth segments of large global markets, including advanced wireless devices, wired and wireless networks and defense radar and communications. We also leverage unique competitive strengths to advance 5G networks, cloud computing, the Internet of Things, and other emerging applications that expand the global framework interconnecting people, places and things. Visit www.qorvo.com to learn how Qorvo connects the world. Qorvo is a registered trademark of Qorvo, Inc. in the U.S. and in other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Restaurant Brands International Inc. is one of the world's largest quick service restaurant companies with approximately $32 billion in annual system-wide sales and 27,000 restaurants in more than 100 countries and U.S. territories. RBI owns three of the world's most prominent and iconic quick service restaurant brands ?€? TIM HORTONS??, BURGER KING??, and POPEYES??. These independently operated brands have been serving their respective guests, franchisees and communities for over 45 years.
Building on over 30 years of experience in transfusion diagnostics, Quotient is a commercial-stage diagnostics company committed to delivering solutions that reshape the way diagnostics is practiced. MosaiQ, Quotient?€?s proprietary multiplex microarray technology, offers the world?€?s first fully automated, consolidated testing platform, allowing for multiple tests across different modalities. MosaiQ is designed to be a game-changing solution, which Quotient believes will increase efficiencies, improve clinical practice, deliver significant workflow improvements, and create operational cost savings to laboratories around the world. Quotient's operations are based in Eysins, Switzerland, Edinburgh, Scotland and Newtown, Pennsylvania.
Quanterix Corp - Ordinary Shares
QTS Realty Trust, Inc. is a leading provider of data center solutions across a diverse footprint spanning more than 7 million square feet of owned mega scale data center space within North America and Europe. Through its software-defined technology platform, QTS is able to deliver secure, compliant infrastructure solutions, robust connectivity and premium customer service to leading hyperscale technology companies, enterprises, and government entities. Visit QTS at www.qtsdatacenters.com, call toll-free 877.QTS.DATA or follow on Twitter @DataCenters_QTS.
QTS Realty Trust Inc. 7.125% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock
QTS Realty Trust Inc. 6.50% Series B Cumulative Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock
Qutoutiao Inc. operates innovative and fast-growing mobile content platforms in China with a mission to bring fun and value to its users. The eponymous flagship mobile application, Qutoutiao, meaning ?€?fun headlines?€? in Chinese, applies artificial intelligence-based algorithms to deliver customized feeds of articles and short videos to users based on their unique profiles, interests and behaviors. Qutoutiao has attracted a large group of loyal users, many of whom are from lower-tier cities in China. They enjoy Qutoutiao ?€? s fun and entertainment-oriented content as well as its social-based user loyalty program. Midu, first launched in May 2018 as Midu Novels and with an alternative version Midu Lite launched one year later, pioneered provision of free online literature supported by advertising. It has grown tremendously and has led the free online literature industry since inception. The Company will continue to bring more exciting products to users through innovation, and strive towards creating a leading global online content ecosystem.
Q2 is a financial experience company dedicated to providing digital banking and lending solutions to banks, credit unions, alternative finance, and fintech companies in the U.S. and internationally. With comprehensive end-to-end solution sets, Q2 enables its partners to provide cohesive, secure, data-driven experiences to every account holder ?€? from consumer to small business and corporate. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, Q2 has offices throughout the world and is publicly traded on the NYSE under the stock symbol QTWO.
Quad/Graphics, Inc. (Quad/Graphics) is a global provider of print and related products and services that are designed to provide integrated multichannel solutions to marketers and publishers in North America, Latin America and Europe. The Company's products and services primarily include Print Solutions, Media Solutions and Logistics Services. Print Solutions include catalogs, consumer magazines, special interest publications, direct mail, packaging and other commercial and specialty printed products, retail inserts, books and directories. Media Solutions include creative, digital imaging, video, photography, workflow solutions, interactive technology including mobile and social media, and response data analytics services. Logistics Services includes mailing, distribution, logistics and data optimization and hygiene services. In February 2012, it purchased Dallas-based Williamson Printing Corporation. In january 2013, the Company acquired Vertis Holdings Inc.
QuickLogic Corporation is a fabless semiconductor company that develops low power, multi-core semiconductor platforms and Intellectual Property (IP) for Artificial Intelligence (AI), voice and sensor processing. The solutions include embedded FPGA IP (eFPGA) for hardware acceleration and pre-processing, and heterogeneous multi-core SoCs that integrate eFPGA with other processors and peripherals. The Analytics Toolkit from our recently acquired wholly-owned subsidiary, SensiML Corporation, completes the end-to-end solution with accurate sensor algorithms using AI technology. The full range of platforms, software tools and eFPGA IP enables the practical and efficient adoption of AI, voice, and sensor processing across mobile, wearable, hearable, consumer, industrial, edge and endpoint IoT.
Qumu is the leading provider of best-in-class tools to create, manage, secure, distribute and measure the success of live and on-demand video for the enterprise. Backed by the most trusted and experienced team in the industry, the Qumu Cloud platform enables global organizations to drive employee engagement, increase access to video, and modernize the workplace by providing a more efficient and effective way to share knowledge.

uniQure N.V., a biopharmaceutical company, develops adeno-associated virus (AAV) based gene therapies through its technology platform for multiple therapeutic areas. The company offers Glybera for the treatment of patients with lipoprotein lipase deficiency. It also develops AMT-060, a gene therapy that is in Phase I/II clinical trial for the treatment of hemophilia B; S100A1, a preclinical therapeutic for congestive heart failure; AMT-021, a gene therapy, which has completed Phase I clinical trial for acute intermittent porphyria; AMT-110, a gene therapy that is in Phase I/II clinical trial for Sanfilippo B syndrome; and AAV2/glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor for Parkinson's disease. The company has collaborations with Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A., Digna Biotech, Institut Pasteur, University of California San Francisco, Bristol-Myers Squibb, and 4D Molecular Therapeutics. uniQure N.V. was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
QVC Inc. 6.250 Sr Secd Nt 2068
QVC Inc. 6.375% Senior Secured Notes due 2067
Ryder System, Inc. is a leading logistics and transportation company. It provides supply chain, dedicated transportation, and commercial fleet management solutions, including full service leasing, rental, and maintenance, used vehicle sales, professional drivers, transportation services, freight brokerage, warehousing and distribution, e-commerce fulfillment, and last mile delivery services, to some of the world's most-recognized brands. Ryder provides services throughout the United States, Mexico, Canada, and the United Kingdom. In addition, Ryder manages more than 250,000 commercial vehicles and operates more than 300 warehouses encompassing approximately 55 million square feet. Ryder is regularly recognized for its industry-leading practices in third-party logistics, technology-driven innovations, commercial vehicle maintenance, environmentally friendly solutions, corporate social responsibility, world-class safety and security programs, military veteran recruitment initiatives, and the hiring of a diverse workforce. www.ryder.com SOURCE University of Tennessee, Knoxville's Haslam College of Business
Therapeutics Acquisition Corp Com Cl A
New Business Netherlands N.V. focuses on the design, engineering, production, and sale of luxury performance sports cars worldwide. The company also intends to license its Ferrari brand to various producers and retailers of luxury and lifestyle goods. New Business Netherlands N.V. was incorporated in 2013 and is headquartered in Maranello, Italy. New Business Netherlands N.V. operates as a subsidiary of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V.
Rite Aid Corporation is on the front lines of delivering healthcare services and retail products to more than 1.6 million Americans daily. Our pharmacists are uniquely positioned to engage with customers and improve their health outcomes. We provide an array of whole being health products and services for the entire family through over 2,400 retail pharmacy locations across 18 states. Through Elixir, we provide pharmacy benefits and services to approximately 4 million members nationwide.
RADA Electronic Industries Ltd. (RADA) develops, manufactures and sells defense electronics: avionics solutions (including avionics for unmanned aerial vehicles), data/video recording and management systems, inertial navigation systems and land radars for force and border protection systems. In addition, it continues to sell and support our commercial aviation products and services, mainly through its Chinese subsidiary. Its product lines include data/video recording and management for aerial and land platforms; inertial navigation systems for aerial and land platforms; avionics solutions (including avionics for UAVs), and radar for force and border protection systems (land based). In addition, it supports its l commercial aviation test stations. It also provide test and repair services through its China-based subsidiary.
Radius Global Infrastructure Inc - Class A
FreightCar America, Inc. is a diversified manufacturer of railroad freight cars, that also supplies railcar parts and leases freight cars through its FreightCar America Leasing Company subsidiaries. FreightCar America designs and builds high-quality railcars, including open top hopper cars, covered hopper cars, intermodal and non-intermodal flat cars, mill gondola cars, coil steel cars, boxcars, coal cars, and also specializes in the conversion of railcars for repurposed use. It is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois and has facilities in the following locations: Cherokee, Alabama; Casta??os, Mexico; Johnstown, Pennsylvania; and Shanghai, People?€?s Republic of China.
RAMP NETWORKS INC
Rand Capital is a Business Development Company (BDC) with a wholly-owned subsidiary licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) as a Small Business Investment Company (SBIC). Rand currently focuses its equity investments in early or expansion stage companies and generally lends to more mature companies. The Company seeks investment opportunities in businesses with strong leaders who are bringing to market new or unique products, technologies or services that have a high potential for growth.
RAPT Therapeutics is a clinical stage immunology-based biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing oral small molecule therapies for patients with significant unmet needs in oncology and inflammatory diseases. Utilizing its proprietary discovery and development engine, the Company is developing highly selective small molecules designed to modulate the critical immune drivers underlying these diseases. RAPT has discovered and advanced two unique drug candidates, FLX475 and RPT193, each targeting C-C motif chemokine receptor 4 (CCR4), for the treatment of cancer and inflammation, respectively. The Company is also pursuing a range of targets, including hematopoietic progenitor kinase 1 (HPK1) and general control nonderepressible 2 (GCN2), that are in the discovery stage of development.
Ultragenyx is a biopharmaceutical company committed to bringing to patients novel products for the treatment of serious rare and ultra-rare genetic diseases. The company has built a diverse portfolio of approved therapies and product candidates aimed at addressing diseases with high unmet medical need and clear biology for treatment, for which there are typically no approved therapies treating the underlying disease. The company is led by a management team experienced in the development and commercialization of rare disease therapeutics. Ultragenyx?€?s strategy is predicated upon time and cost-efficient drug development, with the goal of delivering safe and effective therapies to patients with the utmost urgency.
RAVE Restaurant Group, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates and franchises pizza buffet, delivery/carry-out (delco), and express restaurants under the Pizza Inn trademark in the United States and internationally. The company??s buffet restaurants offer dine-in, carryout, and catering services, as well as delivery services and are located in free standing buildings or strip centers in retail developments. Its delco restaurants provide delivery and carryout services and are located in shopping centers or other in-line retail developments. The company??s Express restaurants serve customers through various non-traditional points of sale and are located in convenience stores, food courts, college campuses, airport terminals, travel plazas, athletic facilities, or other commercial facilities. RAVE Restaurant Group, Inc. also operates and franchises fast casual restaurants under the Pie Five Pizza Company or Pie Five trademark. As of June 29, 2014, it owned and operated 15 restaurants, including 13 Pie Five restaurants and 2 Pizza Inn buffet restaurants, as well as owned and operated 7 franchised Pie Five Units and 251 Pizza Inn restaurants. The company was formerly known as Pizza Inn Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to RAVE Restaurant Group, Inc. in January 2015. RAVE Restaurant Group, Inc. was founded in 1958 and is based in The Colony, Texas.
Raven Industries is dedicated to providing innovative, high-value products and solutions that solve great challenges throughout the world. Raven is a leader in precision agriculture, high-performance specialty films, and lighter-than-air technologies. Since 1956, Raven has designed, produced, and delivered exceptional solutions, earning the company a reputation for innovation, product quality, high performance, and unmatched service.
Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated, together with its subsidiaries, sells industrial equipment and other assets for the construction, agricultural, transportation, energy, mining, forestry, material handling, marine, and real estate industries through its unreserved auctions and online marketplaces. The company operates through two segments, Core Auction and EquipmentOne. The Core Auction segment operates a network of auction locations that conduct live and unreserved auctions with on-site and online bidding. The EquipmentOne segment operates a secure online marketplace that facilitates private equipment transactions. The company also offers property management, brokerage, and asset management services, as well as administrative and value-added services. It primarily sells equipment to its customers through unreserved auctions at approximately 44 auction sites in North America, Central America, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and Australia. The company was founded in 1958 and is headquartered in Burnaby, Canada.

RedBall Acquisition Corp Units each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and onethird of one redeemable warrant
RedBall Acquisition Corp - Warrants(17/08/2022)
RBB Bancorp is the holding company for Royal Business Bank, which is headquartered in Los Angeles, California. Royal Business Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of RBB Bancorp, is a California chartered, FDIC insured, minority owned community bank serving the Asian business communities in and around the Los Angeles and Ventura Counties of California and Las Vegas, Nevada. Royal Business Bank was formed in November 2008 and currently operates sixteen branches located in Arcadia, Alhambra, downtown Los Angeles, Buena Park, Cerritos, City of Industry, Diamond Bar, Monterey Park, Oxnard, Rowland Heights, San Gabriel, Silverlake, Torrance, West Los Angeles, and Westlake Village California; a branch in Las Vegas; and a loan production office in the City of Industry, California. Although the Bank serves all ethnicities, its Board and management team is mostly Chinese-American and the primary marketing focus has been on the Chinese-American communities. Royal Business Bank's business is focused on trade finance, commercial and industrial mortgage and SBA lending with a long-term vision
Ribbon Communications Inc
Regal Beloit Corporation is a global manufacturer of electric motors and controls, electric generators and controls, and mechanical motion control products. The Company operates in two segments: Electrical and Mechanical. Its electrical products include motors used in commercial and residential heating, ventilation, air conditioning ( HVAC) applications, a full line of alternating current ( AC) and direct current ( DC) commercial and industrial electric motors, electric generators and controls, high-performance drives and controls, and capacitors. Its mechanical products include primarily gears and gearboxes, marine transmissions, automotive transmissions, manual valve actuators, and electrical connectivity devices. In February 2013, it acquired RAM motor business. In November 2013, Regal Beloit Corporation closed on the acquisition of Cemp, s.r.l. In December 2013, Regal Beloit Corp acquired CEMP International SpA.
Republic Bancorp, Inc. (the ?€?Company?€?) is the parent company of Republic Bank & Trust Company (the ?€?Bank?€?). The Bank currently has 42 full-service banking centers and two loan production offices throughout five states: 28 banking centers in 8 Kentucky communities ?€? Covington, Crestview Hills, Florence, Georgetown, Lexington, Louisville, Shelbyville, and Shepherdsville; three banking centers in southern Indiana ?€? Floyds Knobs, Jeffersonville, and New Albany; seven banking centers in six Florida communities (Tampa MSA) ?€? Largo, New Port Richey, St. Petersburg, Seminole, Tampa, and Temple Terrace, and one loan production office in Oldsmar; two banking centers in two Tennessee communities (Nashville MSA) ?€? Cool Springs and Green Hills, and one loan production office in Brentwood; and two banking centers in two Ohio communities (Cincinnati MSA) ?€? Norwood and West Chester. The Bank offers internet banking at www.republicbank.com. The Bank also offers separately branded, nation-wide digital banking at www.mymemorybank.com. The Company has approximately $6.0 billion in assets and is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky. The Company?€?s Class A Common Stock is listed under the symbol ?€?RBCAA?€? on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Republic Bank. It?€?s just easier here. ??
Rubicon Technology, Inc. manufactures synthetic electronic materials for opto-electronic, semiconductor fabrication, telecommunications, and optical & laser applications. The Company employs the Kyropoulos method to grow high-density single crystal sapphire and other advanced technology materials.
Rhinebeck Bancorp Inc - Ordinary Shares
Reliant Bancorp, Inc. is a Brentwood, Tennessee-based financial holding company which, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Reliant Bank, operates banking centers in Cheatham, Davidson, Hamilton, Hickman, Maury, Montgomery, Robertson, Rutherford, Sumner, and Williamson counties, Tennessee. Reliant Bank is a full-service commercial bank that offers a variety of deposit, lending, and mortgage products and services to business and consumer customers. As of June 30, 2020, the Company had approximately $3.0 billion in total consolidated assets, approximately $2.3 billion in loans, and approximately $2.5 billion in deposits.
SPDR Bloomberg SASB Corporate Bond ESG Select
Ready Capital Corproation
Ready Capital Corporation 7.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2023

RedCell Power Corp
Recharge Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/2 War)
Rogers is a proud Canadian company dedicated to making more possible for Canadians each and every day. Our founder, Ted Rogers, purchased his first radio station, CHFI, in 1960. We have grown to become a leading technology and media company that strives to provide the very best in wireless, residential, sports, and media to Canadians and Canadian businesses. Our shares are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX: RCI.A and RCI.B) and on the New York Stock Exchange. If you want to find out more about us, visit about.rogers.com.
Rent-A-Center, Inc. is an industry leading omni-channel lease-to-own provider for the credit constrained customer. The Company focuses on improving the quality of life for its customers by providing access and the opportunity to obtain ownership of high-quality, durable products via small payments over time under a flexible lease-purchase agreement and no long-term debt obligation. Preferred Lease provides virtual and staffed lease-to-own solutions to retail partners in stores and online enabling our partners to grow sales by expanding their customer base utilizing our differentiated offering. The Rent-A-Center Business and Mexico segments provide lease-to-own options on products such as furniture, appliances, consumer electronics, and computers in approximately 2,000 Rent-A-Center stores in the United States, Mexico, and Puerto Rico and on its e-commerce platform, Rentacenter.com. The Franchising segment is a national franchiser of approximately 400 franchise locations. Rent-A-Center is headquartered in Plano, Texas.
Rocket Pharmaceuticals Inc
Rocky Brands, Inc. is a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of premium quality footwear and apparel marketed under a portfolio of well recognized brand names including Rocky??, Georgia Boot??, Durango??, Lehigh??, and the licensed brand Michelin??.
Royal Caribbean Group is the operating business name for Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Royal Caribbean Group is the owner of four global cruise vacation brands: Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises, Silversea and Azamara. Royal Caribbean Group is also a 50% owner of a joint venture that operates TUI Cruises and Hapag-Lloyd Cruises. Together, our brands operate 62 ships with an additional 16 on order as of July 31, 2020. SOURCE Royal Caribbean Group

RCM Technologies, Inc. designs, develops, and implements business and technology solutions to commercial and government sectors in the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico. The company operates in three segments: Engineering, Information Technology, and Specialty Health Care Services. The Engineering segment offers engineering and design, engineering analysis, engineer-procure-construct, configuration management, hardware/software validation and verification, quality assurance, technical writing and publications, manufacturing process planning and improvement, reliability centered maintenance, component and equipment testing, and risk management engineering services. The Information Technology segment provides enterprise business solutions, application services, infrastructure solutions, competitive advantage and productivity solutions, life sciences solutions, and other vertical market specific offerings. The Specialty Health Care Services segment provides long-term and short-term staffing, executive search, and placement services in various fields, including rehabilitation comprising physical therapists, occupational therapists, and speech language pathologists; nursing; managed care; allied health care; health care management; medical office support; and non-medical caregivers or companions. This segment offers in-patient, outpatient, sub-acute and acute care, and multilingual speech pathology services, as well as geriatric, pediatric, and adult day care services to hospitals, long-term care facilities, schools, sports medicine facilities, and private practices. The company serves aerospace/defense, energy, financial services, life sciences, manufacturing and distribution, and technology industries, as well as the public sector. RCM Technologies, Inc. was founded in 1971 and is based in Pennsauken, New Jersey.
Recon Technology, Ltd.??(RCON)??is??China's??first??non-state-owned oil and gas field service company listed on NASDAQ. Recon supplies??China's??largest oil exploration companies with advanced automated technologies, efficient gathering and transportation equipment and reservoir stimulation measures for increasing petroleum extraction levels, reducing impurities and lowering production costs. Since 2017, the Company has expanded its business operations into other segments of the broader energy industry including electric power, coal chemicals, renewable energy and environmental protection in the energy and chemical industries. Through the years, Recon has taken leading positions on several market segments of the oil and gas field service industry. Recon also has developed stable long-term cooperation relationships with its major clients, and its products and service are well accepted by clients.
Ready Capital Corporation 6.50% Senior Notes due 2021
Arcus Biosciences is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on creating innovative cancer therapies.
RADCOM is the leading expert in 5G ready cloud-native, network intelligence solutions for telecom operators transitioning to 5G. RADCOM Network Intelligence consists of RADCOM Network Visibility, RADCOM Service Assurance, and RADCOM Network Insights. The RADCOM Network Intelligence suite offers intelligent, container-based, on-demand solutions to deliver network analysis from the RAN to the core for 5G assurance. Utilizing automated and dynamic solutions with smart minimal data collection and on-demand troubleshooting and cutting edge techniques based on machine learning, these solutions work in harmony to provide operators an understanding of the entire customer experience and allow them to troubleshoot network performance from a high to granular level while reducing storage costs and cloud resource utilization.
Redfin ( www.redfin.com ) is a technology-powered residential real estate company, redefining real estate in the consumer's favor in a commission-driven industry. We do this by integrating every step of the home buying and selling process and pairing our own agents with our own technology, creating a service that is faster, better and costs less. We offer brokerage, iBuying, mortgage, and title services, and we also run the country's #1 real estate brokerage search site, offering a host of online tools to consumers, including the Redfin Estimate. We represent people buying and selling homes in over 90 markets in the United States and Canada. Since our launch in 2006, we have saved our customers over $800 million and we've helped them buy or sell more than 235,000 homes worth more than $115 billion.
RedHill Biopharma Ltd. is a specialty biopharmaceutical company primarily focused on gastrointestinal and infectious diseases. RedHill promotes the gastrointestinal drugs, Movantik ?? for opioid-induced constipation in adults 9, Talicia ?? for the treatment of Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infection in adults 10, and Aemcolo ?? for the treatment of travelers' diarrhea in adults 11. RedHill's key clinical late-stage development programs include: (i) RHB-204,??with an ongoing Phase 3 study for pulmonary nontuberculous mycobacteria (NTM) disease; (ii) opaganib (Yeliva ?? ), a first - in - class SK2 selective inhibitor targeting multiple indications with a Phase 2/3 program for COVID-19 and Phase 2 studies for prostate cancer and cholangiocarcinoma ongoing; (iii) RHB-104, with positive results from a first Phase 3 study for Crohn's disease; (iv) RHB-102 ( Bekinda ?? ), with positive results from a Phase 3 study for acute gastroenteritis and gastritis and positive results from a Phase 2 study for IBS-D; (v) RHB-107 ( upamostat ), a Phase 2-stage serine protease inhibitor with a planned Phase 2/3 study in symptomatic COVID-19 and targeting multiple other cancer and inflammatory gastrointestinal diseases; ??and (vi) RHB - 106, an encapsulated bowel preparation.
Reading International Inc., an internationally diversified cinema and real estate company, is a leading entertainment and real estate company, engaged in the development, ownership and operation of cinemas and retail and commercial real estate in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand. The family of Reading brands includes cinema brands: Reading Cinemas, Angelika Film Centers, Consolidated Theatres, City Cinemas, and the State Cinema in Tasmania; live theatres operated by Liberty Theatres in the United States; and signature property developments, including Newmarket Village, Auburn Redyard, Cannon Park, and The Belmont Common in Australia, Courtenay Central in New Zealand, and 44 Union Square in New York City.
Reading International, Inc. (RDI) is an internationally diversified principally focused on the development, ownership and operation of entertainment and real property assets in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand. As of December 31, 2011, the Company operated in two segments: Cinema Exhibition, through its 57 cinemas, and Real Estate, including real estate development and the rental of retail, commercial and live theater assets. As of December 31, 2011, the Company's principal assets included interests in 55 cinemas consisting of 462 screens; interests in four live theaters (the Union Square, the Orpheum and Minetta Lane in Manhattan and the Royal George in Chicago), and ownership of approximately 1.2 million square feet of developed commercial real estate, and approximately 15.6 million square feet of land. In November 2012, it announced the sale of its Indooroopilly property in Brisbane, Australia.
Radian is ensuring the American dream of homeownership responsibly and sustainably through products and services that include industry-leading mortgage insurance and a comprehensive suite of mortgage, risk, real estate, and title services. We are powered by technology, informed by data and driven to deliver new and better ways to transact and manage risk. Visit www.radian.com to see how Radian is shaping the future of mortgage and real estate services.
RadNet, Inc. is the leading national provider of freestanding, fixed-site diagnostic imaging services in the United States based on the number of locations and annual imaging revenue. RadNet has a network of 334 owned and/or operated outpatient imaging centers. RadNet's core markets include California, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, New York and Arizona. In addition, RadNet provides radiology information technology solutions and other related products and services to customers in the diagnostic imaging industry. Together with affiliated radiologists, and inclusive of full-time and per diem employees and technicians, RadNet has approximately 8,600 employees.
Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemical companies with an average of 86,000 employees in more than 70 countries. Our strategy is to strengthen our position as a leading energy company by providing oil and gas and low-carbon energy as the world's energy system changes. Safety and social responsibility are at the heart of our approach. We believe that oil and gas will remain a vital part of the global energy mix for many decades to come. Our aim is to meet the world's growing need for more and cleaner energy solutions in ways that are economically, environmentally and socially responsible.
Royal Dutch Shell plc (Shell) is an independent oil and gas company, based in the United Kingdom. It operates in three segments: Upstream, Downstream and Corporate. Upstream combines the operating segments Upstream International and Upstream Americas, which are engaged in searching for and recovering crude oil and natural gas, the liquefaction and transportation of gas, the extraction of bitumen from oil sands and converting it into synthetic crude oil, and wind energy. Downstream segment is engaged in manufacturing, distribution and marketing activities for oil products and chemicals, alternative energy (excluding wind), and carbon dioxide (CO2) management. Corporate segment represents the key support functions, such as Shell's holdings, treasury and self-insurance organization. The Company operates through numerous subsidiaries in Europe, Asia, Oceania, Africa and North America.
Radius is a science-driven fully integrated biopharmaceutical company that is committed to developing and commercializing innovative endocrine therapeutics in the areas of osteoporosis and oncology. Radius?€? lead product, TYMLOS (abaloparatide) injection, was approved by the??U.S. Food and Drug Administration??for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. The Radius clinical pipeline includes an investigational abaloparatide-patch for potential use in osteoporosis; the investigational drug elacestrant (RAD1901) for potential use in hormone-receptor positive breast cancer; and the investigational drug RAD140, a non-steroidal, selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) under investigation for potential use in hormone-receptor positive breast cancer.
Red Violet Inc
Radware ??, is a global leader of cyber security and application delivery solutions for physical, cloud, and software defined data centers. Its award-winning solutions portfolio secures the digital experience by providing infrastructure, application, and corporate IT protection and availability services to enterprises globally. Radware?€?s solutions empower enterprise and carrier customers worldwide to adapt to market challenges quickly, maintain business continuity and achieve maximum productivity while keeping costs down.
Upsher-Smith Laboratories, LLC is a trusted U.S. pharmaceutical company that strives to improve the health and lives of patients through an unwavering commitment to high-quality products and sustainable growth. Since 1919, it has brought generics and brands to a wide array of customers backed by an attentive level of service, strong industry relationships, and dedication to uninterrupted supply.
Everest Re Group, Ltd. (?€?Everest?€?) is a leading global provider of reinsurance and insurance, operating for close to 50 years through subsidiaries in the U.S., Europe, Singapore, Canada, Bermuda and other territories. Everest offers property, casualty, and specialty products through its various operating affiliates located in key markets around the world. Everest common stock is a component of the S&P 500 index.
The RealReal is the world?€?s largest online marketplace for authenticated, consigned luxury goods. With a rigorous authentication process overseen by experts, The RealReal provides a safe and reliable platform for consumers to buy and sell their luxury items. We have 150+ in-house gemologists, horologists and brand authenticators who inspect thousands of items each day. As a sustainable company, we give new life to pieces by hundreds of brands, from Gucci to Cartier, supporting the circular economy. We make consigning effortless with free in-home pickup, drop-off service and direct shipping for individual consignors and estates. At our stores in LA, NYC and San Francisco, customers can shop, consign, and meet with our experts. At our 10 Luxury Consignment Offices, four of which are in our retail stores, our expert staff provides free valuations.
RISE Education Cayman Ltd
Established in 1989, Reed's is America's number 1 name in Ginger and America?€?s best-selling Ginger Beer brand and innovator for decades. Virgil's is America's best-selling independent, full line of natural craft sodas. The Reed's?? portfolio is sold in over 35,000 retail doors nationwide. Reed's core product line of Original, Extra and Strongest Craft Ginger Beers, along with the Certified Ketogenic Zero Sugar Extra Ginger Beer are unique due to the proprietary process of using fresh ginger root combined with a Jamaican inspired recipe of natural spices and fruit juices. The company uses this same handcrafted approach in its award-winning Virgil's??? line of great tasting, bold flavored craft sodas and Certified Ketogenic Zero Sugar Varieties.
Research Frontiers is a publicly traded technology company and the developer of patented SPD-Smart light-control film technology which allows users to instantly, precisely and uniformly control the shading of glass or plastic products, either manually or automatically. Research Frontiers has licensed its smart glass technology to over 40 companies that include well known chemical, material science and glass companies. Products using Research Frontiers?€? smart glass technology are being used in tens of thousands of cars, aircraft, yachts, trains, homes, offices, museums and other buildings.
Regency Centers is the preeminent national owner, operator, and developer of shopping centers located in affluent and densely populated trade areas. Our portfolio includes thriving properties merchandised with highly productive grocers, restaurants, service providers, and best-in-class retailers that connect to their neighborhoods, communities, and customers. Operating as a fully integrated real estate company, Regency Centers is a qualified real estate investment trust (REIT) that is self-administered, self-managed, and an S&P 500 Index member.
Renewable Energy Group, Inc. is leading the energy industry's transition to sustainability by transforming renewable resources into high-quality, cleaner fuels. REG is North America?€?s largest producer of biodiesel and an industry leading producer of renewable diesel. REG solutions are alternatives for petroleum diesel and produce significantly lower carbon emissions. REG utilizes a global integrated procurement, distribution and logistics network to operate 13 biorefineries in the U.S. and Europe. In 2019, REG produced 495 million gallons of cleaner fuel delivering over 4.2 million metric tons of carbon reduction. REG is meeting the growing global demand for lower-carbon fuels and leading the way to a more sustainable future.
Regeneron?? is a leading biotechnology company that invents life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for over 30 years by physician-scientists, our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to eight FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development, all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases, allergic and inflammatory diseases, cancer, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, pain, infectious diseases and rare diseases. Regeneron believes that operating as a good corporate citizen is crucial to delivering on our mission. We approach corporate responsibility with three goals in mind: to improve the lives of people with serious diseases, to foster a culture of integrity??and??excellence??and to??build sustainable communities. Regeneron is proud to be included on the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index and the Civic 50 list of the most "community-minded" companies in the United States. Throughout the year, Regeneron empowers and supports employees to give back through our volunteering, pro bono and matching gift programs. Our most significant philanthropic commitments are in the area of science education, including the Regeneron Science Talent Search and the Regeneron International Science and Engineering Fair (ISEF).
Ring Energy, Inc. engages in the exploration, development, and production of oil and gas in Texas and Kansas. As of December 31, 2014, the company??s proved reserves consisted of 10.4 million barrel of oil equivalent. It also had interests in approximately 5,129 net developed acres and 12,141 net undeveloped acres in Texas; and 17,017 net acres in Kansas. Ring Energy, Inc. sells its oil and natural gas production to end users, marketers, and other purchasers. The company was formerly known as Transglobal Mining Corp. and changed its name to Ring Energy, Inc. in March 2008. Ring Energy, Inc. was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Midlands, Texas.
Rekor is a Maryland-based company providing real-time roadway intelligence through AI-driven decisions. Rekor provides commercial and government customers with actionable, real-time vehicle recognition data to enable informed decisions to be made faster and provide better outcomes. Rekor is transforming industries like Public Safety, Customer Experience and Smart Cities in more than 70 countries across the globe with smarter, quicker, cost-competitive vehicle recognition solutions for security, revenue discovery and recovery, public safety, electronic toll collection, brand loyalty, parking operations, logistics, and traffic management. We use the power of artificial intelligence to analyze video streams and transform them into AI-driven decisions by our clients. Our machine learning software can turn most IP cameras into highly accurate and affordable vehicle recognition devices used to help protect lives, increase brand loyalty and enhance operations and logistics, without the need to install expensive new infrastructure. We make what was once considered impossible, possible.
Richardson Electronics, Ltd. is a leading global provider of engineered solutions, power grid and microwave tubes and related consumables; power conversion and RF and microwave components; flat panel detector solutions and replacement parts for diagnostic imaging equipment; and customized display solutions. We serve customers in the alternative energy, healthcare, aviation, broadcast, communications, industrial, marine, medical, military, scientific, and semiconductor markets. The Company?€?s strategy is to provide specialized technical expertise and ?€?engineered solutions?€? based on our core engineering and manufacturing capabilities. The Company provides solutions and adds value through design-in support, systems integration, prototype design and manufacturing, testing, logistics, and aftermarket technical service and repair through its global infrastructure.
Reliv International, based in Chesterfield, MO, develops and markets nutritional supplements that promote optimal nutrition. Reliv supplements address core nutrition, targeted solutions and overall wellness and now include a line of RLV hemp extracts. Reliv is the exclusive provider of LunaRich?? products, which optimize levels of??lunasin, a soy peptide that works at the epigenetic level to promote optimal health. The company sells its products through an international direct selling system of independent distributors in 13 countries.
RELX PLC provides information solutions for professional customers in North America and Europe. The company??s Scientific, Technical & Medical segment publishes research, reference, and education content; and offers database and workflow solutions for scientists, academic institutions, educators, research leaders and administrators, medical researchers, doctors, nurses, and allied health professionals and students, as well as hospitals, research institutions, health insurers, managed healthcare organizations, research-intensive corporations, and governments. This segment also provides abstract and citation database of research literature; solutions for synthetic chemists; Web-based tools for the engineering community; and products for academic and government research administrators. Its Risk & Business Information segment offers data and analytics to personal, commercial, and life insurance carriers, as well as to government and healthcare; risk and identity management, fraud detection, credit risk management, and compliance solutions for financial institutions, as well as for corporate customers in retail, telecommunications, and utilities sectors; and receivables management solutions. This segment also provides tracing, identity verification, fraud prevention, anti-money laundering, debt collection, and data cleansing solutions; risk-related information to the legal industry; information and online data services, and various other data services, as well as produces conferences, Websites, and business magazines. The company??s Legal segment offers legal, tax, regulatory, news and business information, and analysis services to legal, corporate, government, and academic customers. Its Exhibitions segment organizes exhibitions and conferences in various industries. The company was formerly known as Reed Elsevier PLC and changed its name to RELX PLC in June 2015. RELX PLC was founded in 1894 and is based in London, United Kingdom.
Renren Inc.?? operates a leading premium used auto business in China through its subsidiary Kaixin Auto Holdings (NASDAQ: KXIN ) as well as several US-based SaaS business. Renren's??ADSs, each currently representing forty-five (45) Class A ordinary shares of the Company, are traded on??NYSE??under the symbol "RENN".
Recro is a contract development and manufacturing organization, or CDMO, with integrated solutions for formulation, analytical services, regulatory support, manufacturing and packaging of both commercial and development stage oral solid dose drug products, with its operations location in Gainesville, GA. Recro?€?s Clinical Trials Materials and Logistics business, including preparation of double-blind clinical trial supplies and supply logistics is becoming a popular service, as well as capabilities for specialized services dedicated to the development and GMP manufacturing of high potency products. The Company leverages its formulation expertise to develop and manufacture pharmaceutical products using its proprietary delivery technologies and other manufacturing services for commercial and development-stage partners who commercialize or plan to commercialize these products.
Replimune Group Inc
RPC, Inc. (RPC) is a holding company. The Company provides a broad range of specialized oilfield services and equipment primarily to independent and oil and gas companies engaged in the exploration, production and development of oil and gas properties throughout the United States, including the southwest, mid-continent, Gulf of Mexico, Rocky Mountain and Appalachian regions, and in selected international markets. The Company operates in two business segments: Technical Services and Support Services. The services and equipment provided include, among others, pressure pumping services,downhole tool services coiled tubing services, snubbing services (also referred to as hydraulic workover services), nitrogen services, the rental of drill pipe and other specialized oilfield equipment, and well control. RPC acts as a holding company for its operating units, Cudd Energy Services, Patterson Rental and Fishing Tools and Bronco Oilfield Services.
Altisource Residential Corporation is a development-stage company engaged in the acquisition and ownership of single-family rental assets. The Company's primary sourcing strategy to acquire these assets includes purchase of sub-performing and non-performing mortgages, as well as single-family homes at or following the foreclosure sale (REO Properties (REO)). The Company intends to pursue opportunities to acquire its single-family rental assets throughout the United States. The Company is managed by Altisource Asset Management Corporation (AAMC). On December 21, 2012, Altisource Residential Corporation's spin-off from Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (Altisource) was completed.
Resonant is transforming the market for RF front-ends (RFFE) by disrupting the RFFE supply chain through the delivery of solutions that leverage our Infinite Synthesized Network (ISN) software tools platform, capitalize on the breadth of our IP portfolio, and are delivered through our services offerings. In a market that is critically constrained by limited designers, tools and capacity, Resonant addresses these critical problems by providing customers with ever increasing design efficiency, reduced time to market and lower unit costs. Customers leverage Resonant?€?s disruptive capabilities to design cutting edge filters and modules, while capitalizing on the added stability of a diverse supply chain through Resonant?€?s fabless ecosystem-the first of its kind. Working with Resonant, customers enhance the connectivity of current mobile devices, while preparing for the demands of emerging 5G applications.

RETO ) Founded in 1999, ReTo is a leader in ecological innovation, with sustainable environmental priorities and seeks to empower communities through its proprietary technologies, systems and solutions, which have been used to bring clean water and fertile soil to villages and cities worldwide. The Company is founded on its strategy of Technology Improves Ecology and is a??full spectrum provider of products and services, ranging from the production of environmentally-friendly construction materials, environmental protection equipment and manufacturing equipment used to produce environmentally-friendly construction materials, to project consulting, design and installation for the health and improvement of ecological environments,?? such as ecological soil restoration, through solid waste treatment.
Revlon has developed a long-standing reputation as a color authority and beauty trendsetter in the world of color cosmetics and hair care. Since its breakthrough launch of the first opaque nail enamel in 1932, Revlon has provided consumers with high quality product innovation, performance and sophisticated glamour. In 2016, Revlon acquired the iconic Elizabeth Arden company and its portfolio of brands, including its leading designer, heritage and celebrity fragrances. Today, Revlon's diversified portfolio of brands is sold in approximately 150 countries around the world in most retail distribution channels, including prestige, salon, mass, and online. Revlon is among the leading global beauty companies, with some of the world?€?s most iconic and desired brands and product offerings in color cosmetics, skin care, hair color, hair care and fragrances under brands such as Revlon, Revlon Professional, Elizabeth Arden, Almay, Mitchum, CND, American Crew, Creme of Nature, Cutex, Juicy Couture, Elizabeth Taylor, Britney Spears, Curve, John Varvatos, Christina Aguilera and AllSaints.
REV Group (REVG) is a leading designer, manufacturer and distributor of specialty vehicles and related aftermarket parts and services. We serve a diversified customer base primarily in the United States through three segments: Fire & Emergency, Commercial and Recreation. We provide customized vehicle solutions for applications including: essential needs (ambulances, fire apparatus, school buses and municipal transit buses), industrial and commercial (terminal trucks, cut-away buses and street sweepers) and consumer leisure (recreational vehicles (?€?RVs?€?) and luxury buses). Our brand portfolio consists of 29 well-established principal vehicle brands including many of the most recognizable names within our served markets. Several of our brands pioneered their specialty vehicle product categories and date back more than 50 years. Investors-REVG
REX American Resources has interests in six ethanol production facilities, which in aggregate shipped approximately 576 million gallons of ethanol over the twelve-month period ended July 31, 2020. REX?€?s effective ownership of the trailing twelve-month gallons shipped (for the twelve months ended April 30, 2020) by the ethanol production facilities in which it has ownership interests was approximately 194 million gallons. In addition, the Company acquired a refined coal operation in August 2017.
Rexford Industrial, a real estate investment trust focused on creating value by investing in and operating industrial properties throughout Southern California infill markets, owns 235 properties with approximately 29.2 million rentable square feet and manages an additional 20 properties with approximately 1.0 million rentable square feet.
Rexford Industrial Realty Inc. 5.875% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Rexford Industrial Realty Inc. 5.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
RCP?€?s mission is to simplify daily life so consumers can enjoy what matters most. RCP is a market-leading consumer products company with a presence in 95% of households across the United States. RCP produces and sells products across three broad categories: cooking products, waste & storage products and tableware that are sold under iconic brands such as Reynolds and Hefty, as well as under store brands that are strategically important to RCP?€?s customers. Overall, across both branded and store brand offerings, RCP holds the #1 or #2 U.S. market share position in the majority of product categories in which it participates.
Resideo is a global manufacturer and distributor of technology-driven products and solutions that provide comfort, security, energy efficiency and control to customers worldwide. Our ADI Global Distribution business is also a wholesale distributor of low-voltage security products with a global footprint serving commercial and residential end markets. Our primary focus is on the professional channel.
Regions Financial Corporation, with $145 billion in assets, is a member of the S&P 500 Index and is one of the nation?€?s largest full-service providers of consumer and commercial banking, wealth management, and mortgage products and services. Regions serves customers across the South, Midwest and Texas, and through its subsidiary, Regions Bank, operates approximately 1,400 banking offices and 2,000 ATMs. Regions Bank is an Equal Housing Lender and Member FDIC.
Regions Financial Corporation Depositary Shares Series A
Regions Financial Corporation Depositary Shares Series B
Regions Financial Corp New Dep Shs Repstg 140th Perp Pfd Ser C FixedFltg
RF Industries designs and manufactures a broad range of interconnect products across diversified, growing markets including wireless/wireline telecom, data communications and industrial. The Company's products include RF connectors, coaxial cables, data cables, wire harnesses, fiber optic cables, custom cabling, energy-efficient cooling systems and integrated small cell enclosures. The Company is headquartered in San Diego, California with additional operations in Long Island, New York, Vista, California, Milford, Connecticut and North Kingstown, Rhode Island.
Rafael Holdings Inc. Class B
RiverNorth Flexible Municipal Income Fund Inc
Resolute Forest Products is a global leader in the forest products industry with a diverse range of products, including market pulp, tissue, wood products and papers, which are marketed in close to 70 countries. The company owns or operates some 40 facilities, as well as power generation assets, in the United States and Canada. Resolute has third-party certified 100% of its managed woodlands to internationally recognized sustainable forest management standards. The shares of Resolute Forest Products trade under the stock symbol RFP on both the New York Stock Exchange and the Toronto Stock Exchange. Resolute has received regional, North American and global recognition for its leadership in corporate social responsibility and sustainable development, as well as for its business practices.
Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated (RGA) is an insurance holding company. RGA is engaged in the reinsurance of individual and group coverages for traditional life and health, longevity, disability income, annuity and critical illness products, and financial reinsurance. The Company's subsidiaries include RGA Reinsurance Company, Reinsurance Company of Missouri, Incorporated, RGA Reinsurance Company (Barbados) Ltd., RGA Americas Reinsurance Company, Ltd., RGA Atlantic Reinsurance Company, Ltd., RGA Life Reinsurance Company of Canada, RGA Reinsurance Company of Australia, Limited and RGA International Reinsurance Company. It has five geographic-based operational segments: United States, Canada, Europe & South Africa, Asia Pacific and Corporate and Other. On January 1, 2012, it dissolved its United Kingdom reinsurance subsidiary and transferred its business to RGA International.
RGC Resources, Inc. (Resources) is a holding company for Roanoke Gas Company (Roanoke Gas) and its subsidiaries include Roanoke Gas, Diversified Energy Company and RGC Ventures of Virginia, Inc. The principal service of Roanoke Gas is the distribution and sale of natural gas to residential, commercial and industrial customers within its service territory in Roanoke, Virginia and the surrounding localities. Roanoke Gas also provides certain non-regulated services which account for most of the non-gas utility revenue of Resources. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2011, the Company also formed The Utility Consultants under RGC Ventures of Virginia, Inc to provide utility and regulatory consulting services to other utilities. Roanoke Gas maintains an integrated natural gas distribution system. Natural gas is purchased from suppliers and distributed to residential, commercial and industrial users through underground mains and service lines.
Repligen Corporation is a global life sciences company that develops and commercializes highly innovative bioprocessing technologies and systems that increase efficiencies in the process of manufacturing biological drugs. We are inspiring advances in bioprocessing for the customers we serve; primarily biopharmaceutical drug developers and contract development and manufacturing organizations (CDMOs) worldwide. Our corporate headquarters are located in Waltham, MA (USA), and we have additional administrative and manufacturing operations in Rancho Dominguez, CA; Marlborough and Auburn, MA; Bridgewater, NJ; Clifton Park, NY; Dallas, TX; Ravensburg, Germany; Breda, the Netherlands and Lund, Sweden.
Royal Gold is a precious metals stream and royalty company engaged in the acquisition and management of precious metal streams, royalties, and similar production-based interests. At March 31, 2020, the Company owned interests on 187 properties on five continents, including interests on 42 producing mines and 16 development stage projects. Royal Gold is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ?€?RGLD.?€? The Company?€?s website is located at www.royalgold.com.
Regulus Therapeutics Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines targeting microRNAs. Regulus has leveraged its oligonucleotide drug discovery and development expertise to develop a pipeline complemented by a rich intellectual property estate in the microRNA field. Regulus maintains its corporate headquarters in La Jolla, CA.
REGENXBIO is a leading clinical-stage biotechnology company seeking to improve lives through the curative potential of gene therapy. REGENXBIO's NAV Technology Platform, a proprietary adeno-associated virus (AAV) gene delivery platform, consists of exclusive rights to more than 100 novel AAV vectors, including AAV7, AAV8, AAV9 and AAVrh10. REGENXBIO and its third-party NAV Technology Platform Licensees are applying the NAV Technology Platform in the development of a broad pipeline of candidates in multiple therapeutic areas.
Resources Connection, Inc., is a professional services company. The Company together with its subsidiaries primarily provides services under the name Resources Global Professionals. The Company provides services, such as finance and accounting, information management, corporate advisory, strategic communications and restructuring, risk management and internal audit, actuarial support, human capital, and legal and regulatory services. The Company served a base of approximately 1,900 clients during fiscal year ended May 26, 2012 (fiscal 2012), ranging from large corporations to mid-sized companies to small entrepreneurial entities, in a range of industries. As of May 26, 2012, the Company served its clients through 50 offices in the United States and 27 offices abroad. The Company's services cover a range of professional areas.
Sturm, Ruger & Co., Inc. is one of the nation's leading manufacturers of rugged, reliable firearms for the commercial sporting market. With products made in America, Ruger offers consumers almost 800 variations of more than 40 product lines. For more than 70 years, Ruger has been a model of corporate and community responsibility. Our motto, ?€?Arms Makers for Responsible Citizens ??,?€? echoes our commitment to these principles as we work hard to deliver quality and innovative firearms.
Regis Corporation is a leader in beauty salons and cosmetology education. As of June 30, 2020, the Company franchised, owned or held ownership interests in 6,923 worldwide locations. Regis?€? franchised and corporate locations operate under concepts such as Supercuts??, SmartStyle??, Cost Cutters??, Roosters?? and First Choice Haircutters??.
Restoration Hardware Holdings, Inc. (Restoration Hardware Holdings) is a holding company. The Company is merchants of home furnishings. Restoration Hardware Holdings offers merchandise assortments across a number of categories, including furniture, lighting, textiles, bath ware, decor, outdoor, garden, and baby and child products. The Company's business is integrated across its multiple channels of distribution, consists of its stores, catalogs and Websites. As of July 28, 2012, the Company's operated a total of 73 retail stores, consisted of 71 Galleries and two full line Design Galleries, and 10 outlet stores throughout the United States and Canada. RH is a brand in the home furnishings. During the fiscal year ended January 28, 2012 (fiscal 2011), the Company opened five stores and closed 22 stores. In fiscal 2011, Restoration Hardware Holdings distributed approximately 26.1 million catalogs, and its Websites logged over 14.3 million visits.
Regional Health Properties Inc
Regional Health Properties Inc. 10.875% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Robert Half International Inc. provides specialized staffing and risk consulting services. The Company operates in three segments: temporary and consultant staffing, permanent placement staffing, and risk consulting and internal audit services. The Company, through its Accountemps, Robert Half Finance & Accounting, and Robert Half Management Resources divisions, is a specialized provider of temporary, full-time, and project professionals in the fields of accounting and finance. OfficeTeam specializes in skilled temporary administrative support personnel. Robert Half Technology provides information technology professionals. Robert Half Legal provides temporary, project, and full-time staffing of attorneys and specialized support personnel within law firms and corporate legal departments. The Creative Group provides project staffing in the advertising, marketing, and Web design fields. Protiviti is a global business consulting and internal audit firm.
. Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. is a leading lodging and hospitality real estate investment trust that specializes in upscale convention center resorts and country music entertainment experiences. The Company?€?s core holdings* include a network of five of the top 10 largest non-gaming convention center hotels in the United States based on total indoor meeting space. These convention center resorts operate under the Gaylord Hotels brand and are managed by Marriott International. The Company also owns two adjacent ancillary hotels and a small number of attractions managed by Marriott International for a combined total of 10,110 rooms and more than 2.7 million square feet of total indoor and outdoor meeting space in top convention and leisure destinations across the country. The Company?€?s Entertainment segment includes a growing collection of iconic and emerging country music brands, including the Grand Ole Opry; Ryman Auditorium, WSM 650 AM; Ole Red and Circle, a country lifestyle media network the Company owns in a joint-venture with Gray Television. The Company operates its Entertainment segment as part of a taxable REIT subsidiary.
RiceBran Technologies is a global leader in the production and marketing of value-added products derived from rice bran as well as a producer of rice, rice co-product, and barley and oat products. The target markets for our products include food and animal nutrition manufacturers and retailers, as well as specialty food, functional food and nutritional supplement manufacturers and retailers. Our highly nutritious and clean label ingredient products derived from rice bran, one of the world's most underutilized food sources, are produced utilizing our proprietary and patented stabilization technology.
Rice Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/2 War)
Rick's Cabaret International, Inc. (Rick's) through its subsidiaries, owns and/or operates a total of 21 adult nightclubs that offer live adult entertainment, restaurant and bar operations. Seven of its clubs operate under the name Rick's Cabaret; four operate under the name Club Onyx, upscale venues that welcome all customers but cater especially to urban professionals, businessmen and professional athletes; six operate under the name XTC Cabaret; one club operates as Tootsie's Cabaret, one operates as Cabaret North and one operates as Jaguars, and one operates as Cabaret East. Rick's nightclubs are in Houston, Austin, San Antonio, Dallas and Fort Worth, Texas; Charlotte, North Carolina; Minneapolis, Minnesota; New York, New York; Miami Gardens, Florida; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Las Vegas, Nevada. In October 2013, Rick's Cabaret International Inc acquired 49% stake in Manana Entertainment Inc.
Diamondpeak Holdings Corp Ordinary Shares Class A
Diamondpeak Holdings Corp Warrants 22022024
Transocean is a leading international provider of offshore contract drilling services for oil and gas wells. Transocean specializes in technically demanding sectors of the global offshore drilling business with a particular focus on deepwater and harsh environment drilling services, and operates the highest specification floating offshore drilling fleet in the world. Transocean owns or has partial ownership interests in and operates a fleet of 38 mobile offshore drilling units, including 27 ultra-deepwater floaters and 11 harsh environment floaters. In addition, Transocean is constructing two ultra-deepwater drillships.
Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a clinical-stage drug development company. The Company discovers and develops small-molecule drugs for the treatment of inflammatory and autoimmune diseases, as well as muscle disorders. Its research focuses on intracellular signaling pathways and related targets that are critical to disease mechanisms. As of December 31, 2011, product development programs included fostamatinib, an oral spleen tyrosine kinase (SYK) inhibitor that is in Phase 3 clinical trials for rheumatoid arthritis (RA) with its partner AstraZeneca (AZ); R343, an inhaled SYK inhibitor for asthma and R333, a topical janus kinase (JAK)/SYK inhibitor for discoid lupusboth of which have commenced Phase 2 clinical trials; and, R348, a topical JAK/SYK inhibitor in a Phase 1 clinical trial for the treatment of chronic dry eye. In December 2012, the Company initiated a Phase 1 clinical study of R348, a topical ophthalmic JAK/SYK inhibitor, as a potential therapeutic for chronic dry eye.
B. Riley Financial provides collaborative financial services solutions tailored to fit the capital raising, business, operational, and financial advisory needs of its clients and partners. B. Riley operates through several subsidiaries that offer a diverse range of complementary end-to-end capabilities spanning investment banking and institutional brokerage, private wealth and investment management, corporate advisory, restructuring, due diligence, forensic accounting and litigation support, appraisal and valuation, and auction and liquidation services. Certain registered affiliates of B. Riley originate and underwrite senior secured loans for asset-rich companies. B. Riley also makes proprietary investments in companies and assets with attractive return profiles. For the latest Company news and developments, follow B. Riley on Twitter @BRileyFinancial and LinkedIn.
B. Riley Financial Inc. 7.25% Senior Notes due 2027
B. Riley Financial Inc. 7.375% Senior Notes Due 2023
B. Riley Financial Inc. 6.875% Senior Notes due 2023

B. Riley Financial Inc 6.375 NT REDEEM 28022025 USD 25
B. Riley Financial Inc 6.50 NT REDEEM 30092026 USD 25
B Riley Financial Inc 6750 Sr Nt 05312024


Rio Tinto plc (Rio Tinto) is engaged in finding, mining and processing mineral resources. The Company's product group includes aluminum product group, copper product group, diamonds and minerals group, energy product group and iron ore products group. Its products are iron ore, aluminum, copper, diamonds, coal, uranium, gold and industrial minerals (borax, titanium dioxide and salt). Its iron ore businesses delivered record production and shipments, and its copper business showed a second half recovery in copper volumes. In August 2012, Orocobre Ltd acquired Borax Argentina S.A. from Rio Tinto Ltd entities, Rio Tinto Minerals Development Limited and Borax Europe Limited. In September 2012, it sold the North American portion of its Alcan Cable business to General Cable Corporation. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had 51% interest in Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd.,formerly known as Ivanhoe Mines.
Riot Blockchain, Inc
Riverview Financial Corporation is the parent company of Riverview Bank. An independent community bank, Riverview Bank serves the Pennsylvania market areas of Berks, Blair, Bucks, Centre, Clearfield, Cumberland, Dauphin, Huntingdon, Lebanon, Lehigh, Lycoming, Perry, Schuylkill and Somerset Counties through 27 community banking offices and 3 limited purpose offices. Each office, interdependent with the community, offers a comprehensive array of financial products and services to individuals, businesses, not-for-profit organizations and government entities. Riverview's business philosophy includes offering direct access to senior management and other officers and providing friendly, informed and courteous service, local and timely decision making, flexible and reasonable operating procedures and consistently applied credit policies. The Company's common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol "RIVE".
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. is a financial services firm supporting independent financial advisors nationwide. Since 1974, Raymond James Financial Services Inc., member FINRA/SIPC, has provided a wide range of investment and wealth planning related services through its affiliate, Raymond James & Associates, Inc., member New York Stock Exchange/SIPC. Both broker/dealers are wholly owned subsidiaries of Raymond James Financial, Inc. (NYSE-RJF) a leading diversified financial services company with approximately 8,200 financial advisors throughout the United States, Canada and overseas. Total client assets are $945 billion. Steward Partners Holdings, Steward Partners Global Advisory, LLC and Praetorian Private Wealth maintain a separate professional business relationship with, and our registered professionals offer securities through, Raymond James Financial Services, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC. Investment advisory services offered through Steward Partners Investment Advisory, LLC, 1776 I Street NW, Suite 700, Washington, DC 20006. Toll Free : (844) 801-8268. Barron's Top 100 RIA Firms, 2020 Barron's is a registered trademark of Dow Jones & Company, L.P. All rights reserved. Participation in this ranking is by invitation only and limited to firms that meet the minimum eligibility requirements. About 200 firms were nominated, with 100 being ranked. Participating firms were evaluated and ranked on a wide range of quantitative and qualitative data, including: assets overseen by the firm, revenue generated by the firm, level of technology spending, number of clients, size of staff, diversity across staff, and placement of a succession plan. The ranking may not be representative of any one client's experience, is not an endorsement, and is not indicative of the advisor's future performance. Neither Raymond James nor any of its Financial Advisors pay a fee in exchange for this award/rating. Barron's is not affiliated with Raymond James.
Arcadia Biosciences is a leader in science-based approaches to enhancing the quality and nutritional value of crops and food ingredients. The company's GoodWheat??? branded ingredients deliver health benefits to consumers and enable consumer packaged goods companies to differentiate their brands in the marketplace. The company's GoodHemp??? seed catalog delivers genetically superior hemp seeds and clones, applying the company's proprietary crop innovation technology, ArcaTech???, to an emerging crop. Arcadia's agricultural traits are being developed to enable farmers around the world to be more productive and minimize the impact of agriculture on the environment.
Rocket Companies is a Detroit -based holding company consisting of personal finance and consumer service brands including Rocket Mortgage, Rocket Homes, Rocket Loans, Rocket Auto, Rock Central, Amrock, Core Digital Media, Rock Connections, Lendesk and Edison Financial. Since 1985, Rocket Companies has been obsessed with helping its clients achieve the American dream of home ownership and financial freedom. Rocket Companies offers an industry-leading client experience powered by our simple, fast, and trusted digital solutions. Rocket Companies has 22,000 team members across the United States and Canada. Its flagship company, Rocket Mortgage, has been named to Fortune magazine's list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" for 17 consecutive years. Contact: Strati Moustakeas, Stra [email??protected], (313) 912-7351 SOURCE Rocket Companies, Inc.
Ralph Lauren Corporation is engaged in the design, marketing and distribution of products, including men's, women's and children's apparel, accessories (including footwear), fragrances and home furnishings. The Company operates in three segments: Wholesale, Retail and Licensing. Its apparel products include a range of men's, women's and children's clothing. Accessories include a range of footwear, eyewear, watches, jewelry, hats, belts and leather goods, including handbags and luggage. The Company's coordinated home products include bedding and bath products, furniture, fabric and wallpaper, paint, tabletop and giftware. Fragrance products are sold under its Big Pony, Romance, Polo, Lauren, Safari, Ralph and Black Label brands, among others.
Relay Therapeutics Inc Com
Radiant Logistics, Inc., is a non-asset based transportation and logistics services company providing customers domestic and international freight forwarding services through a network of Company-owned and independent agent offices operating under the Radiant, Airgroup, Adcom and DBA brands. The Company also offers an expanding array of value added supply chain management services, including customs and property brokerage, order fulfillment, inventory management and warehousing. In December 2011, the Company acquired the assets and operations of Isla International Ltd. (Isla). In February 2012, the Company acquired the assets and operations of Brunswicks Logistics, Inc. d/b/a ALBS Logistics, Inc. (ALBS). Effective October 3, 2013, Radiant Logistics Inc acquired On Time Express Inc.
Realogy Holdings Corp. is the leading and most integrated provider of U.S. residential real estate services, encompassing franchise, brokerage, relocation, and title and settlement businesses as well as a mortgage joint venture. Realogy's diverse brand portfolio includes some of the most recognized names in real estate: Better Homes and Gardens?? Real Estate, CENTURY 21??, Coldwell Banker??, Coldwell Banker Commercial??, Corcoran??, ERA??, and Sotheby's International Realty??. Using innovative technology, data and marketing products, best-in-class learning and support services, and high-quality lead generation programs, Realogy fuels the productivity of independent sales agents, helping them build stronger businesses and best serve today's consumers. Realogy's affiliated brokerages operate around the world with approximately 189,000 independent sales agents in the United States and more than 129,000 independent sales agents in 114 other countries and territories. Recognized for nine consecutive years as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies, Realogy has also been designated a Great Place to Work three years in a row and one of Forbes' Best Employers for Diversity. Realogy is headquartered in Madison, New Jersey.
Red Lion Hotels Corporation (RLH), is engaged in the ownership, operation and franchising of midscale, full, select and limited service hotels under its Red Lion brand. The Red Lion brand is associated with three star full and select service hotels. The Company operates in three segments: hotels, franchise and entertainment segment. As of December 31, 2011, the Company's system of hotels was contained of 48 hotels located in nine states and one Canadian province, with 9,010 rooms and 452,387 square feet of meeting space. On June 14, 2011, the Company completed a sale of its Red Lion Hotel on Fifth Avenue in Seattle, Washington. In September 2012, it sold the Red Lion Hotel Sacramento at Arden Village. In October 2012, the Company sold the Red Lion Hotel Denver Southeast in Colorado. In February 2013, the Company announced the sale of Red Lion Inn Missoula in Montana.
RLI Corp. underwrites selected property and casualty insurance through subsidiaries collectively (RLI Insurance Group). The Company conducts operations principally through four insurance companies: RLI Insurance Company, Contractors Bonding and Insurance Company (CBIC), Mt. Hawley Insurance Company (Mt. Hawley and. RLI Indemnity Company (RIC). RLI Insurance Company, its principal subsidiary, writes multiple lines insurance on an admitted basis in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. Contractors Bonding and Insurance Company (CBIC), a subsidiary of RLI Insurance Company, has authority to write multiple lines of insurance on an admitted basis in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Mt. Hawley Insurance Company (Mt. Hawley), a subsidiary of RLI Insurance Company (RLI Ins.), writes surplus lines insurance in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands and Guam.
RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) is a real estate investment trust (REIT). RLJ is a hotel investment company focused on acquiring branded, focused-service and compact full-service hotels. As of December 31, 2012, the Company, through wholly-owned subsidiaries, owned 100% of the interests in 144 hotels and a 95% interest in one hotel. Its 145 hotels are made up of 21,617 suites/rooms and are located in 21 states and the District of Columbia. The Company invests in focused-service and compact full-service hotels, which typically generate most of its revenue from room rentals, have limited food and beverage outlets and meeting space. In August 2013, the Company acquired the 78-room Residence Inn Atlanta Midtown Historic (the Hotel) located in Atlanta, GA. In October 2013, it acquired the 106-room SpringHill Suites Portland Hillsboro.
RLJ Lodging Trust $1.95 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares
Relmada Therapeutics is a late-stage pharmaceutical company addressing diseases of the central nervous system (CNS), with a focus on major depressive disorder (MDD). Our experienced and dedicated team is committed to making a difference in the lives of patients and their families. Relmada' s lead program, REL-1017, is a novel NMDA receptor (NMDAR) channel blocker that preferentially targets hyperactive channels while maintaining physiological glutamatergic neurotransmission, and is entering late-stage studies as an adjunctive treatment for MDD in adults.
Regional Management Corp. (Regional) is a diversified specialty consumer finance company providing a range of loan products primarily to customers with limited access to consumer credit from banks, thrifts, credit card companies and other traditional lenders. The Company has a branch network throughout the Southeast and Southwestern United States. Each of its loan products is secured, structured on a fixed rate, fixed term basis with fully amortizing equal monthly installment payments and is repayable at any time without penalty. Regional's loans are sourced through its multiple channel platform, including in its branches, through direct mail campaigns, independent and franchise automobile dealerships, online credit application networks, furniture and appliance retailers and its consumer Website. On January 20, 2012, it purchased 23 branches in Alabama.
Re/Max Holdings, Inc. is a franchisor of real estate brokerage services. Its business is to recruit and retain agents and sell franchises. The Company operates in two business segments: Real Estate Franchise Services, and Brokerage and Other. The Real Estate Franchise Services reportable segment comprises the operations of its owned and independent global franchising operations. The Company operates in the real estate brokerage franchise industry in more than 90 countries, including the United States and Canada. Effective December 31, 2012, the Company acquired certain assets of RE/MAX of Texas. Effective November 30, 2012, the Company sold substantially all of the assets of owned and operated regional franchising operations located in Eastern Australia and New Zealand and entered into regional franchising agreements with new independent owners of these regions.
Richmond Mutual Bancorporation, Inc., headquartered in Richmond, Indiana, is the holding company for First Bank Richmond, a community-oriented financial institution offering traditional financial and trust services within its local communities through its eight locations in Richmond, Centerville, Cambridge City and Shelbyville, Indiana, its five locations in Sidney, Piqua and Troy, Ohio and its loan production office in Columbus, Ohio.
RumbleON Inc
Rambus is a premier silicon IP and chip provider that makes data faster and safer. With 30 years of innovation, we continue to develop the foundational technology for all modern computing systems. Leveraging our semiconductor expertise, Rambus solutions speed performance, expand capacity and improve security for today's most demanding applications. From data center and edge to artificial intelligence and automotive, our interface and security IP, and memory interface chips enable SoC and system designers to deliver their vision of the future.
Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory, Inc., headquartered in Durango, Colorado, is an international franchiser of gourmet chocolate, confection and self-serve frozen yogurt stores and a manufacturer of an extensive line of premium chocolates and other confectionery products. As of October 15, 2020, the Company, through its subsidiaries and its franchisees and licensees operated 399 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory and self-serve frozen yogurt stores in 40 states, Canada, South Korea, Qatar, the Republic of Panama, and The Republic of the Philippines. The Company's common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol "RMCF."
At ResMed (NYSE: RMD, ASX: RMD) we pioneer innovative solutions that treat and keep people out of the hospital, empowering them to live healthier, higher-quality lives. Our digital health technologies and cloud-connected medical devices transform care for people with sleep apnea, COPD, and other chronic diseases. Our comprehensive out-of-hospital software platforms support the professionals and caregivers who help people stay healthy in the home or care setting of their choice. By enabling better care, we improve quality of life, reduce the impact of chronic disease, and lower costs for consumers and healthcare systems in more than 140 countries.
Ra Medical Systems Inc
RAGEN MACKENZIE GROUP INC
RMG Acquisition Corp. Unit
RMG Acquisition Corp Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 1150
ROTONICS MANUFACTURING INC/DE
RiverNorth Managed Duration Municipal Income Fund Inc
Rimini Street, Inc. is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 3,500 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider.
RiverNorth Marketplace Lending Corporation 5.875% Series A Term Preferred Stock Due 2024
The RMR Group Inc. is a holding company and substantially all of its business is conducted by its majority owned operating subsidiary, The RMR Group LLC. The RMR Group LLC is an alternative asset management company that primarily provides management services to publicly traded REITs and real estate related operating companies. As of March 31, 2019, The RMR Group LLC had approximately $30.0 billion of total assets under management, including more than 1,500 properties, and employed approximately 600 real estate professionals in more than 30 offices throughout the United States; and the companies managed by The RMR Group LLC collectively had approximately 50,000 employees. The RMR Group Inc. is headquartered in Newton, Massachusetts.
RMR Real Estate Income Fund.
Rockwell Medical??is a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming anemia management in a wide variety of therapeutic areas and across the globe, improving the lives of very sick patients. The Company?€?s initial focus is the treatment of anemia in end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Rockwell Medical?€?s??exclusive renal drug therapies, Triferic (ferric pyrophosphate citrate) Dialysate and Triferic AVNU (ferric pyrophosphate citrate injection), are the only FDA-approved therapeutics indicated for iron replacement and maintenance of hemoglobin in hemodialysis patients. Rockwell Medical??is also an established manufacturer, supplier and leader in delivering high-quality hemodialysis concentrates/dialysates to dialysis providers and distributors in the??U.S.??and abroad. About Triferic Dialysate and Triferic AVNU Triferic Dialysate and Triferic AVNU are the only FDA-approved therapies in the??U.S.??indicated to replace iron and maintain hemoglobin in hemodialysis patients during each dialysis treatment. Triferic Dialysate and Triferic AVNU have a unique and differentiated mechanism of action, which has the potential to benefit patients and health care economics. Triferic Dialysate and Triferic AVNU represent a potential innovative medical advancement in hemodialysis patient iron management ?€? with the potential to become the future standard of care. Triferic Dialysate and Triferic AVNU both deliver approximately 5-7 mg iron with every hemodialysis treatment to the bone marrow and maintain hemoglobin without increasing iron stores (ferritin). Both formulations donate iron immediately and completely to transferrin (carrier of iron in the body) upon entry into the blood which is then transported directly to the bone marrow to be incorporated into hemoglobin, with no increase in ferritin (stored iron and inflammation) and no reports of anaphylaxis in over 1,000,000 patient administrations, addressing a significant medical need in overcoming Functional Iron Deficiency (FID) in ESKD patients. Important Safety Information Serious hypersensitivity reactions, including anaphylactic-type reactions, some of which have been life-threatening and fatal, have been reported in patients receiving parenteral iron products. Patients may present with shock, clinically significant hypotension, loss of consciousness, and/or collapse. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypersensitivity during and after hemodialysis until clinically stable. Personnel and therapies should be immediately available for the treatment of serious hypersensitivity reactions. Hypersensitivity reactions have been reported in 1 (0.3%) of 292 patients receiving Triferic in two randomized clinical trials. Iron status should be determined on pre-dialysis blood samples. Post dialysis serum iron parameters may overestimate serum iron and transferrin saturation. The most common adverse reactions (???3% and at least 1% greater than placebo) in controlled clinical studies include: procedural hypotension (21.6%), muscle spasms (9.6%), headache (9.2%), pain in extremity (6.8%), peripheral edema (6.8%), dyspnea (5.8%), back pain (4.5%), pyrexia (4.5%), urinary tract infection (4.5%), asthenia (4.1%), fatigue (3.8%), arteriovenous (AV) fistula thrombosis (3.4%), and AV fistula site hemorrhage (3.4%). Triferic ?? is a registered trademark of??Rockwell Medical, Inc.
"Avidity Biosciences, Inc. is pioneering a new class of oligonucleotide-based therapies called AOCs designed to overcome the current limitations of oligonucleotide therapies in order to treat a wide range of serious diseases. Avidity utilizes its proprietary AOC platform to design, engineer and develop therapeutics that combine the tissue selectivity of monoclonal antibodies and the precision of oligonucleotide therapies in order to access previously undruggable tissue and cell types and more effectively target underlying genetic drivers of diseases. Avidity's lead

product candidate, AOC 1001, is designed to treat myotonic dystrophy type 1, and its four other muscle programs are focused on the treatment of muscle atrophy, Duchenne muscular dystrophy, facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy and Pompe disease. In addition to its muscle franchise, Avidity has research efforts focused on immune and other cell types."
Randolph Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for Envision Bank and its Envision Mortgage Division. Envision Bank is a full-service community bank with five retail branch locations, lending and operations centers in Stoughton, North Attleboro and Andover, Massachusetts, six loan production offices located throughout Massachusetts and one loan production office in Southern New Hampshire.
RigNet?? delivers advanced software and communications infrastructure that allow our customers to realize the business benefits of digital transformation. With world-class, ultra-secure solutions spanning IP connectivity, bandwidth-optimized Over-the-Top applications, Industrial-IoT big-data enablement, and industry-leading machine learning analytics, RigNet supports the full evolution of digital enablement, empowering businesses to respond faster to high priority issues, mitigate the risk of operational disruption, and maximize their overall financial performance. RigNet??is headquartered in??Houston, Texas??with operations around the world.
RingCentral, Inc. is a leading provider of cloud Message Video Phone??? (MVP???), customer engagement, and contact center solutions for businesses worldwide. More flexible and cost-effective than legacy on-premise PBX and video conferencing systems that it replaces, RingCentral empowers modern mobile and distributed workforces to communicate, collaborate, and connect via any mode, any device, and any location. RingCentral?€?s open platform integrates with leading third-party business applications and enables customers to easily customize business workflows. RingCentral is headquartered in Belmont, California, and has offices around the world. ??2020 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral, RingCentral Office, Message Video Phone, MVP, and the RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc.
Ranger Energy Services, Inc. is an independent provider of well service rigs and associated services in the United States, with a focus on unconventional horizontal well completion and production operations. The Company also provides non-rig well services that are necessary to bring and maintain a well on production.
Renalytix AI plc
RenaissanceRe is a global provider of reinsurance and insurance that specializes in matching well-structured risks with efficient sources of capital. The Company provides property, casualty and specialty reinsurance and certain insurance solutions to customers, principally through intermediaries. Established in 1993, the Company has offices in Bermuda, Australia, Ireland, Singapore, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. 5.375% Series E Preference Shares
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. Depositary Shares Series F
Renasant Corporation is a bank holding company. The Company owns and operates Renasant Bank (the Bank), a Mississippi banking association with operations in Mississippi, Tennessee, Alabama and Georgia, and Renasant Insurance, Inc., a Mississippi corporation with operations in Mississippi. Renasant Insurance, Inc. (Renasant Insurance) is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank. It operates in three segments: Community Banks segment, Insurance segment and Wealth Management segment. These services include checking and savings accounts, business and personal loans, interim construction loans, equipment leasing, as well as safe deposit and night depository facilities. Automated teller machines are located throughout its market area. The Company's Online and Mobile Banking products and its call center also provide around-the-clock banking services. In September 2013, Renasant Corporation completed its merger with First M&F Corporation.
Building on a legacy of digital media expertise and innovation, RealNetworks has created a new generation of products that employ best-in-class artificial intelligence and machine learning to enhance and secure our daily lives. SAFR ( www.safr.com ) is the world's premier facial recognition platform for live video. Leading in real-world performance and accuracy as evidenced in testing by NIST, SAFR enables new applications for security, convenience, and analytics.
Construction Partners Inc - Ordinary Shares - Class A
DELISTED -
Roth CH Acquisition I Company Unit 1 Com & 34 Wt Exp 01282025
Roth CH Acquisition I Company Wt Exp 01282025
Gibraltar Industries, Inc. is a manufacturer and distributor of products for the building and industrial markets. The Company's products provide structural and architectural enhancements for residential homes, low-rise retail, other commercial and professional buildings, industrial plants, bridges and a wide variety of other structures. These products include ventilation products, mail storage solutions including mailboxes and package delivery products, rain dispersion products and accessories, bar grating, expanded metal, metal lath and expansion joints and structural bearings. The Company serves customers throughout North America, Europe, Asia, and Central and South America including home improvement retailers, distributors and contractors. Effective September 11, 2013, Gibraltar Industries Inc acquired an undisclosed solar-powered ventilation assets, located in Nevada.
Rogers Corporation is a global leader in engineered materials to power, protect, and connect our world. With more than 180 years of materials science experience, Rogers delivers high-performance solutions that enable the company?€?s growth drivers -- advanced connectivity and advanced mobility applications, as well as other technologies where reliability is critical. Rogers delivers Power Electronics Solutions for energy-efficient motor drives, e-Mobility and renewable energy; Elastomeric Material Solutions for sealing, vibration management and impact protection in mobile devices, transportation interiors, industrial equipment and performance apparel; and Advanced Connectivity Solutions for wireless infrastructure, automotive safety and radar systems. Headquartered in Arizona (USA), Rogers operates manufacturing facilities in the United States, China, Germany, Belgium, Hungary, and South Korea, with joint ventures and sales offices worldwide.
Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., a real estate investment trust (REIT), engages in the acquisition, ownership, and management of necessity-based community and neighborhood shopping centers in the eastern and western regions of the United States. As of December 31, 2011, its portfolio consisted of 30 owned retail properties totaling approximately 3.2 million square feet of gross leasable area. The company has elected to be taxed as a REIT, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The company is based in San Diego, California with additional offices in New York City; Rancho Cordova, California; West Linn, Oregon; and Federal Way, Washington.
Rockwell Automation, Inc., is a global leader in industrial automation and digital transformation. We connect the imaginations of people with the potential of technology to expand what is humanly possible, making the world more productive and more sustainable. Headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Rockwell Automation employs approximately 23,000 problem solvers dedicated to our customers in more than 100 countries.
Roku pioneered streaming to the TV. We connect users to the streaming content they love, enable content publishers to build and monetize large audiences, and provide advertisers with unique capabilities to engage consumers. Roku TV??? models and Roku streaming players are available in select countries around the world through direct retail sales and licensing arrangements with TV brands and service operators. Roku audio products are available in select countries through direct retail sales. Roku is headquartered in San Jose, Calif. U.S.A. This press release contains ?€?forward-looking?€? statements that are based on our beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to us on the date of this press release.
Rollins, Inc. is a premier global consumer and commercial services company. Through its family of leading brands, Orkin, HomeTeam Pest Defense, Clark Pest Control, Orkin Canada, Western Pest Services, Northwest Exterminating, Critter Control, The Industrial Fumigant Company, Trutech, Orkin Australia, Waltham Services, OPC Services, PermaTreat, Rollins UK, Aardwolf Pestkare, and Crane Pest Control, the Company provides essential pest control services and protection against termite damage, rodents and insects to more than two million customers in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Africa, and Australia from more than 700 locations.
RBC Bearings Incorporated is an international manufacturer and marketer of highly engineered precision bearings and components. Founded in 1919, the Company is primarily focused on producing highly technical or regulated bearing products and components requiring sophisticated design, testing, and manufacturing capabilities for the diversified industrial, aerospace, and defense markets. The Company is headquartered in Oxford, Connecticut.
Root Inc - Class A
Roper Industries, Inc. (Roper) designs, manufactures and distributes radio frequency (RF) products, services and application software, industrial technology products, energy systems and controls and medical and scientific imaging products and software. The Company markets these products and services to a range of markets, including RF applications, medical, water, energy, research, education, software-as-a-service (SaaS)-based information networks, security and other niche markets. The Company operates in four segments: Medical and Scientific Imaging, Energy Systems and Controls, Industrial Technology and RF Technology. On August 22, 2012, the Company acquired Sunquest Information Systems, Inc. (Sunquest), a provider of diagnostic and laboratory software solutions to healthcare providers. In May 2013, Roper Industries Inc acquired Managed Health Care Associates Inc.
Ross Stores, Inc. is an off-price apparel and home fashion chain in the United States, with 1,091 locations in 33 states, the District of Columbia and Guam. The Company operates two brands of off-price retail apparel and home fashion stores: Ross Dress for Less (Ross) and dd's DISCOUNTS. It offers designer apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at everyday savings of 20% to 60% off department and specialty store regular prices. As of February 2, 2013, it operated 108 dd's DISCOUNTS stores in eight states. dd's DISCOUNTS features brand apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at everyday savings of 20% to 70% off moderate department and discount store regular prices.
ROWE COMPANIES
RealPage provides a technology platform that enables real estate owners and managers to change how people experience and use rental space. Clients use the platform to gain transparency in asset performance, leverage data insights and monetize space to create incremental yields. Founded in 1998 and headquartered in Richardson, Texas, RealPage currently serves approximately 19 million units worldwide from offices in North America, Europe and Asia.
Retail Properties of America, Inc., formerly Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. is a fully integrated, self administered and self-managed real estate company that owns and operates shopping centers. The Company is an owner and operator of shopping centers in the United States. As of December 31, 2011, its retail operating portfolio consisted of 259 properties with approximately 3.6 million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA), was diversified across 35 states and includes power centers, community centers, neighborhood centers and lifestyle centers, as well as single-user retail properties. The Company's retail properties are located in retail districts. In August 2012, the Company sold a 1.04-million-square-foot Cost Plus Distribution Center in Stockton. In September 2012, it disposed 13 former Mervyns locations. As of December 31, 2011, it had a retail tenant base that includes approximately 1,500. In October 2012, it sold 18 non-core and non-strategic assets.
Thunder Bridge Acquisition Ltd - Ordinary Shares - Class A
Rapid7 is advancing security with visibility, analytics, and automation delivered through our Insight cloud. Our solutions simplify the complex, allowing security teams to work more effectively with IT and development to reduce vulnerabilities, monitor for malicious behavior, investigate and shut down attacks, and automate routine tasks. Over 9,300 customers rely on Rapid7 technology, services, and research to improve security outcomes and securely advance their organizations. For more information, visit our website, check out our blog, or follow us on Twitter.
Replay Acquisition Corp Ordinary Shares
Replay Acquisition Corp Units each consisting of one Ordinary Share and onehalf of one Warrant
Replay Acquisition Corp Warrants 01019999
RPM International Inc. (RPM), through its subsidiaries manufactures, markets and sells various specialty chemical product lines, including specialty paints, protective coatings, roofing systems, sealants and adhesives. The Company's family of products includes those marketed under brand names, such as Carboline, DAP, EUCO, Fibergrate, Flecto, Flowcrete, Hummervoll, Universal Sealants, illbruck, Rust-Oleum, Stonhard, Tremco, Watco and Zinsser. RPM's business is divided into two reportable segments: the industrial reportable segment (industrial segment) and the consumer reportable segment (consumer segment). The industrial segment (RPM Building Solutions Group, Performance Coatings Group and RPM2 Group), which comprises approximately 65% of its total net sales, includes maintenance and protection products for roofing and waterproofing systems, flooring, corrosion control and other specialty applications.
Royal Pharma Plc
Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust is a fully integrated, self-administered equity real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company's primary business is the ownership and management of shopping centers located in metropolitan markets in the Eastern and Midwestern United States. At December 31, 2012, the Company owned interests in 52 shopping centers and one office building with approximately 10 million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA) owned by the Company and joint ventures. As of December 31, 2012, it also owned interests in various parcels of land held for development or for sale, the majority of which are adjacent to certain of its existing developed properties. In June 2013, it acquired Mount Prospect Plaza in Mount Prospect, Illinois. In August 2013, the Company announced that it has acquired Deer Grove Centre in Palatine, Illinois. In November 2013, Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust acquired the Deer Creek Shopping Center in Maplewood, Missouri.
Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust 7.25% PERP PFD CONV SHS BEN INT SER D
Repare Therapeutics is a leading precision oncology company enabled by its proprietary synthetic lethality approach to the discovery and development of novel therapeutics. The Company utilizes its genome-wide, CRISPR-enabled SNIPRx?? platform to systematically discover and develop highly targeted cancer therapies focused on genomic instability, including DNA damage repair. The Company?€?s pipeline includes its lead product candidate RP-3500, a potential leading ATR inhibitor, as well as CCNE1-SL inhibitor and Pol?? inhibitor programs.
. The Company is the bank holding company for Red River Bank, a Louisiana state-chartered bank established in 1999 that provides a fully integrated suite of banking products and services tailored to the needs of commercial and retail customers. Red River Bank operates from a network of 25 banking centers throughout Louisiana and one combined loan and deposit production office in Lafayette, Louisiana. Banking centers are located in the following Louisiana markets: Central, which includes the Alexandria metropolitan statistical area ("MSA"); Northwest, which includes the Shreveport-Bossier City MSA; Capital, which includes the Baton Rouge MSA; Southwest, which includes the Lake Charles MSA; and the Northshore, which includes Covington.
Range?€?s Sustainability Report is informed by multiple best practice sustainability reporting standards and frameworks. Guidelines and recommendations by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Boards (SASB), Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TFCFD) and IPIECA?€?s (formerly known as the International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association) sustainability reporting guidance have all been considered for the creation of this report. RANGE RESOURCES CORPORATION?? is a leading??U.S.??independent natural gas and NGL producer with operations focused on stacked-pay projects in the??Appalachian Basin. The Company pursues an organic development strategy targeting high return, low-cost projects within its large inventory of low risk drilling opportunities. The Company is headquartered in??Fort Worth, Texas.
R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company (RR Donnelley) is a global provider of integrated communications. The Company's segments include U.S. Print and Related Services, International and corporate. The U.S. Print and Related Services segment includes the Company's U.S. printing operations, managed as one integrated platform, along with logistics, premedia, print management and other print related services. The International segment includes the Company's non-United States printing operations in Asia, Europe, Latin America and Canada. It operates in the printing industry, with related product and service offerings designed to offer customers complete solutions for communicating their messages to audiences. On December 28, 2012, it acquired Presort Solutions (Presort), a provider of mail presorting services to businesses in various industries. On December 17, 2012, it acquired Meisel Photographic Corporation (Meisel), a provider of custom designed visual graphics products to the retail market.
Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. ( www.redrobin.com ), a casual dining restaurant chain founded in 1969 that operates through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Red Robin International, Inc., and under the trade name Red Robin Gourmet Burgers and Brews, is the Gourmet Burger Authority ???, famous for serving more than two dozen craveable, high-quality burgers with Bottomless Steak Fries ?? in a fun environment welcoming to Guests of all ages. At Red Robin, burgers are more than just something Guests eat; they're a bonding experience that brings together friends and families, kids and adults. In addition to its many burger offerings, Red Robin serves a wide variety of salads, soups, appetizers, entrees, desserts, and signature beverages. Red Robin offers a variety of options behind the bar, including its extensive selection of local and regional beers and cocktails. It's now easy to take Red Robin anywhere with online ordering for to-go and Gourmet Burger Bar catering. There are more than 550 Red Robin restaurants across the United States and Canada, including those operating under franchise agreements. Red Robin?€? YUMMM ?? ! Connect with Red Robin on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter.
RSC Holdings Inc.
Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co., headquartered in Los Angeles, California, is the largest metals service center company in North America. Through a network of more than 300 locations in 40 states and thirteen countries outside of the United States, Reliance provides value-added metals processing services and distributes a full line of over 100,000 metal products to more than 125,000 customers in a broad range of industries. Reliance focuses on small orders with quick turnaround and increasing levels of value-added processing. In 2019, Reliance?€?s average order size was $2,090, approximately 51% of orders included value-added processing and approximately 40% of orders were delivered within 24 hours.
Republic Services, Inc. is an industry leader in U.S. recycling and non-hazardous solid waste disposal. Through its subsidiaries, Republic's collection companies, transfer stations, recycling centers, landfills and environmental services provide effective solutions to make responsible recycling and waste disposal effortless for its customers across the country. Its 36,000 employees are committed to providing a superior experience while fostering a sustainable Blue Planet ?? for future generations to enjoy a cleaner, safer and healthier world.
Research Solutions/Reprints Desk is a pioneer in providing seamless access and simplifies how organizations and??individual??researchers discover, acquire, and manage scholarly journal articles, book chapters and other content in scientific, technical, and medical (STM) research. More than 70 percent of the top pharmaceutical companies, prestigious universities, and emerging businesses rely on Article Galaxy, a cloud-based SaaS research platform, for simplified and lowest cost access to the latest scientific research and data. Featuring an ecosystem of app-like Gadgets for a personalized research experience, Article Galaxy offers individual as well as enterprise plans, coupled with unparalleled, 24/7 customer support.
Rattler Midstream Lp Unit

Reinvent Technology Partners - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/4 War)
Reinvent Technology Partners - Warrants (16/09/2025)
Reinvent Technology Partners Z - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/5 War)
Raytheon Technologies Corporation is an aerospace and defense company that provides advanced systems and services for commercial, military and government customers worldwide. With 195,000 employees and four industry-leading businesses ?€? Collins Aerospace Systems, Pratt & Whitney, Raytheon Intelligence & Space and Raytheon Missiles & Defense ?€? the company delivers solutions that push the boundaries in avionics, cybersecurity, directed energy, electric propulsion, hypersonics, and quantum physics. The company, formed in 2020 through the combination of Raytheon Company and the United Technologies Corporation aerospace businesses, is headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts. SOURCE Raytheon Technologies
Rubius Therapeutics Inc
Ruhnn Holding Limited is a leading internet KOL facilitator and platform in China. The Company connects influential KOLs who engage and impact their fans on the internet to its vast commercial network to build the brands of fashion products. Ruhnn pioneered the commercialization of the KOL ecosystem in China, and operates under both platform and full-service models. The Company's platform model promotes products sold in third-party online stores and provides advertising services on KOL's social media spaces to third-party merchants. The full-service model integrates key steps of the e-commerce value chain from product design and sourcing and online store operations to logistics and after-sale services. As of June 30, 2020, the Company had 174 signed KOLs with an aggregate of 263.1 million fans across major social media platforms in China.
Sunrun Inc. is the nation?€?s leading home solar, battery storage, and energy services company. Founded in 2007, Sunrun pioneered home solar service plans to make local clean energy more accessible to everyone for little to no upfront cost. Sunrun?€?s innovative home battery solution, Brightbox, brings families affordable, resilient, and reliable energy. The company can also manage and share stored solar energy from the batteries to provide benefits to households, utilities, and the electric grid while reducing our reliance on polluting energy sources.
Rush Enterprises, Inc. (Rush) is an integrated retailer of commercial vehicles and related services. The Truck Segment operates a regional network of commercial vehicle dealerships under the name Rush Truck Centers. Rush Truck Centers sells commercial vehicles manufactured by Peterbilt, International, Hino, UD, Ford, Isuzu, Mitsubishi Fuso, IC Bus or Blue Bird. Through its network of Rush Truck Centers, it provides one-stop service for the needs of its commercial vehicle customers, including retail sales of new and used commercial vehicles, aftermarket parts sales, leasing and rental, and insurance products. In January 2013, Rush's subsidiaries acquired certain assets of MVI Group, which operates commercial truck and bus dealerships in Ohio under the names of Miami Valley International, Center City International, CCI North Coast and Buckeye Truck Centers. In May 2013, the Company's subsidiaries had acquired certain assets of Piedmont International Trucks.
Rush Enterprises, Inc. (Rush) is an integrated retailer of commercial vehicles and related services. The Truck Segment operates a regional network of commercial vehicle dealerships under the name Rush Truck Centers. Rush Truck Centers sells commercial vehicles manufactured by Peterbilt, International, Hino, UD, Ford, Isuzu, Mitsubishi Fuso, IC Bus or Blue Bird. Through its network of Rush Truck Centers, it provides one-stop service for the needs of its commercial vehicle customers, including retail sales of new and used commercial vehicles, aftermarket parts sales, leasing and rental, and insurance products. In January 2013, Rush's subsidiaries acquired certain assets of MVI Group, which operates commercial truck and bus dealerships in Ohio under the names of Miami Valley International, Center City International, CCI North Coast and Buckeye Truck Centers. In May 2013, the Company's subsidiaries had acquired certain assets of Piedmont International Trucks.
.
RETAIL VENTURES INC
Revolve Group Inc. Class A
Revolution Medicines is a clinical-stage precision oncology company focused on developing novel targeted therapies to inhibit high-value frontier targets in RAS-addicted cancers. The company possesses sophisticated structure-based drug discovery capabilities built upon deep chemical biology and cancer pharmacology know-how and innovative, proprietary technologies that enable the creation of small molecules tailored to unconventional binding sites. The company?€?s R&D pipeline comprises RAS(ON) Inhibitors designed to suppress diverse oncogenic variants of RAS proteins, and RAS Companion Inhibitors for use in combination treatment strategies. RAS(ON) Inhibitors include compounds targeting KRAS G12C /NRAS G12C (ON), KRAS G12D (ON), KRAS G13C (ON), KRAS G12V (ON) and other RAS variants. RAS Companion Inhibitors include RMC-4630 targeting SHP2, RMC-5552 targeting mTORC1, and inhibitors of SOS1. Keytruda ?? is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co.???? Tagrisso ?? is a registered trademark of the AstraZeneca group of companies. Cotellic ?? is the registered trademark of Genentech, Inc. (a member of the Roche Group).
Revance Therapeutics, Inc. is a biotechnology company focused on innovative aesthetic and therapeutic offerings, including its next-generation neuromodulator product, DaxibotulinumtoxinA for Injection. DaxibotulinumtoxinA for Injection combines a proprietary stabilizing peptide excipient with a highly purified botulinum toxin that does not contain human or animal-based components. Revance has successfully completed a Phase 3 program for DaxibotulinumtoxinA for Injection in glabellar (frown) lines and is pursuing U.S. regulatory approval in 2020. Revance is also evaluating DaxibotulinumtoxinA for Injection in the full upper face, including glabellar lines, forehead lines and crow?€?s feet, as well as in two therapeutic indications - cervical dystonia and adult upper limb spasticity. To accompany DaxibotulinumtoxinA for Injection, Revance owns a unique portfolio of premium products and services for U.S. aesthetics practices, including the exclusive U.S. distribution rights to the RHA?? Collection of dermal fillers, the first and only range of FDA-approved fillers for correction of dynamic facial wrinkles and folds, and the HintMD fintech platform, which includes integrated smart payment, subscription and loyalty digital services. Revance has also partnered with Viatris to develop a biosimilar to BOTOX??, which would compete in the existing short-acting neuromodulator marketplace. Revance is dedicated to making a difference by transforming patient experiences.
Retractable Technologies, Inc. is engaged in the business of designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing of patented safety medical products for the healthcare industry. VanishPoint products retract the needle directly from the patient, reducing exposure to the contaminated needle. The Company's VanishPoint safety needle products consist of one milliliter tuberculin, insulin, and allergy antigen VanishPoint syringes; 0.5 milliliter, two milliliter, three milliliter, five milliliter, and 10 milliliter VanishPoint syringes; the VanishPoint blood collection tube holder; autodisable syringe, and the VanishPoint IV safety catheter. The Company also has a Patient Safe syringe which is designed to reduce the risk of bloodstream infections resulting from catheter hub contamination. The Company is selling autodisable syringes in the international market in addition to its other products.
Riverview Bancorp, Inc. (Riverview) is a savings and loan holding company of Riverview Community Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a community-oriented financial institution engaged primarily in the business of attracting deposits from the general public, and using such funds, together with other borrowings, to invest in various commercial, commercial real estate, multi-family real estate, real estate construction, residential real estate and consumer loans. The Company considers Clark, Cowlitz, Klickitat and Skamania counties of Washington and Multnomah and Marion counties of Oregon as its primary market area. The Company conducts operations from its home office in Vancouver and 18 branch offices Camas, Washougal, Stevenson, White Salmon, Battle Ground, Goldendale, Vancouver (seven branch offices) and Longview, Washington and Portland, Gresham, Wood Village and Aumsville, Oregon.
ReWalk Robotics Ltd. develops, manufactures, and markets wearable robotic exoskeletons for individuals with lower limb disabilities as a result of spinal cord injury or stroke. ReWalk?€?s mission is to fundamentally change the quality of life for individuals with lower limb disability through the creation and development of market leading robotic technologies. Founded in 2001, ReWalk has headquarters in the U.S., Israel, and Germany.
Redwood Trust, Inc. is a specialty finance company focused on making credit-sensitive investments in single-family residential and multifamily mortgages and related assets and engaging in mortgage banking activities. Our goal is to provide attractive returns to shareholders through a stable and growing stream of earnings and dividends, as well as through capital appreciation. Redwood Trust was established in 1994, is internally managed, and structured as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") for tax purposes.
Headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Rexnord is comprised of two strategic platforms, Process & Motion Control and Water Management, with approximately 6,700 employees worldwide. The Process & Motion Control platform designs, manufactures, markets and services specified, highly-engineered mechanical components used within complex systems. The Water Management platform designs, procures, manufactures and markets products that provide and enhance water quality, safety, flow control and conservation.
Rackspace Technology Inc Com
Royal Bank of Canada, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a diversified financial service company worldwide. The company operates through five segments: Personal & Commercial Banking, Wealth Management, Insurance, Investor & Treasury Services, and Capital Markets. The Personal & Commercial Banking segment engages in the personal and business banking operations, auto financing, and retail investment businesses, as well as cards and payment solutions business. This segment provides a suite of financial products and services to individual, business clients, and public institutions through its branch, automated teller machines, online, and telephone banking networks, as well as through sales professionals. The Wealth Management segment offers a suite of investment, trust, banking, credit, and other wealth management solutions to high net worth and ultra high net worth clients; and asset management products and services directly to institutional and individual clients, as well as through distribution channels and third-party distributors. The Insurance segment provides life, health, property and casualty, and reinsurance products and solutions through insurance branches, field sales representatives, call centers, and online network, as well as through independent insurance advisors and affinity relationships. The Investor & Treasury Services segment offers global custody, fund, and pension administration, as well as a suite of products to institutional investors. This segment also provides cash management, correspondent banking, and trade finance services to financial institutions; and funding and liquidity management services. The Capital Markets segment offers corporate and investment banking, equity and debt origination and distribution, and structuring and trading for public and private companies, institutional investors, governments, and central banks. Royal Bank of Canada was founded in 1864 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.
Royal Bank Of Canada 6.750% Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Noncumulative First Preferred Shares Series C-2
Ryanair Holdings plc, together with its subsidiaries, provides scheduled-passenger airline services in Ireland, the United Kingdom, continental Europe, and Morocco. It also offers various ancillary services, such as non-flight scheduled services and Internet-related services; and markets accommodation services and travel insurance through its Website, as well as is engaged in the in-flight sale of beverages, food, and merchandise. In addition, the company sells bus and rail tickets onboard its aircraft and through its Website; and markets car parking, attractions, and activities, as well as gift vouchers through its Website. As of June 30, 2014, it had a fleet of 297 Boeing 737-800 aircraft and 5 leased aircraft; and offered approximately 1,600 scheduled short-haul flights per day serving approximately 186 airports primarily in Europe. The company was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Swords, Ireland.
Rayonier Advanced Materials is a global leader of cellulose-based technologies, including high purity cellulose specialties, a natural polymer commonly found in filters, food, pharmaceuticals and other industrial applications. The Company also manufactures products for lumber, paper and packaging markets. With manufacturing operations in the U.S., Canada and France, Rayonier Advanced Materials employs just over 4,000 people and generates approximately $1.8 billion of revenues.
RYB Education Inc. American depositary shares each representing one Class A
Ryerson Holding Corp
Rayonier is a leading timberland real estate investment trust with assets located in some of the most productive softwood timber growing regions in the United States and New Zealand. As of June 30, 2020, Rayonier owned or leased under long-term agreements approximately 2.7 million acres of timberlands located in the U.S. South (1.8 million acres), U.S. Pacific Northwest (507,000 acres) and New Zealand (416,000 acres). The Company also acts as the managing member in a private equity timber fund business with three funds comprising approximately 141,000 acres. On a ?€?look-through basis?€?, the Company?€?s ownership in the timber fund business equates to approximately 17,000 acres.
Rhythm Pharmaceuticals Inc
Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated engages in the reinsurance business. It offers individual and group life and health insurance products, including term life, credit life, universal life, whole life, group life and health, joint and last survivor insurance, critical illness, disability, and longevity products, as well as asset-intensive and financial reinsurance products. The company also provides reinsurance for mortality, morbidity, and lapse risk associated with products; and reinsurance for investment-related risks, as well as develops and markets technology solutions for the insurance industry. It serves life insurance companies in the United States, Latin America, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Chesterfield, Missouri.

Rezolute Inc
Seabridge Gold Inc., a development stage company, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the acquisition and exploration of gold properties located in North America. It also explores for copper, silver, and molybdenum ores. Its principal projects include the Kerr-Sulphurets-Mitchell property located in the Iskut-Stikine region of British Columbia; and the Courageous Lake gold project that consists of 61 federal mining leases, 26 federal mining claims, and 1 optioned federal mining lease having a combined area of 124,189.9 acres located in Northwest Territories, Canada. The company was formerly known as Seabridge Resources Inc. and changed its name to Seabridge Gold Inc. in June 2002. Seabridge Gold Inc. was founded in 1979 and is based in Toronto, Canada.
Sabre Corporation is the leading technology provider to the global travel industry. Sabre's software, data, mobile and distribution solutions are used by hundreds of airlines and thousands of hotel properties to manage critical operations, including passenger and guest reservations, revenue management, flight, network and crew management. Sabre also operates a leading global travel marketplace, which processes more than US$120 billion of global travel spend annually by connecting travel buyers and suppliers. Headquartered in Southlake, Texas, USA, Sabre serves customers in more than 160 countries around the world. About Croatia Airlines Croatia Airlines, the Croatian flag carrier, was registered under the name of Zagreb Airlines d.d. in 1989. Since July 1990, the company has been operating under its present name. Croatia Airlines is a full-service carrier that provides domestic and international air passenger and cargo transport services. It also provides aircraft maintenance and professional training of aviation personnel. In its 31 years of operations the company has been recognized by its passengers for flight safety, quality of services and professional staff. SABR-F Contacts: Media Kristin Hays [email??protected] Heidi Castle [email??protected] Investors Kevin Crissey [email??protected] SOURCE Sabre Corporation Related Links http://www.sabre.com
Sabre Corp
Sachem Capital Corp 6.875 NT REDEEM 30122024 USD

SAFECO CORP

Sanderson Farms, Inc. is a poultry processing company engaged in the production, processing, marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken products. In addition, the Company is engaged in the processing, marketing and distribution of prepared chicken through its wholly owned subsidiary, Sanderson Farms, Inc. (Foods Division). It sells ice pack, chill pack, bulk pack and frozen chicken, in whole, cut-up and boneless form, under the Sanderson Farms brand name to retailers, distributors, and casual dining operators in the south-eastern, south-western, north-eastern and western United States and to customers who resell frozen chicken into export markets. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2011 (fiscal 2011), it processed 434 million chickens, or over 2.8 billion dressed pounds.
Safety Insurance Group, Inc. is a provider of personal lines property and casualty insurance focused primarily on the Massachusetts market. The Company is a provider of private passenger automobile insurance in Massachusetts. In addition to private passenger automobile insurance, it offers a portfolio of property and casualty insurance products, including commercial automobile, homeowners, dwelling fire, umbrella and business owner policies. The Company operates in Massachusetts and New Hampshire through its insurance company subsidiaries, Safety Insurance Company (Safety Insurance), Safety Indemnity Insurance Company (Safety Indemnity) and Safety Property and Casualty Insurance Company (Safety P&C). During the year ended December 31, 2011, it obtained approximately 91.7% of its direct written premiums for automobile insurance and 100% of its direct written premiums for all of its other lines of business through its voluntary agents.
Sage Therapeutics is a biopharmaceutical company committed to developing novel therapies with the potential to transform the lives of people with debilitating disorders of the brain. We are pursuing new pathways with the goal of improving brain health, and our depression, neurology and neuropsychiatry franchise programs aim to change how brain disorders are thought about and treated. Our mission is to make medicines that matter so people can get better, sooner.
Sonic Automotive, Inc., a Fortune 500 company based in Charlotte, North Carolina, is one of the nation?€?s largest automotive retailers. Sonic can be reached on the web at www.sonicautomotive.com.
Saia Inc. offers customers a wide range of less-than-truckload, non-asset truckload, expedited and logistics services. With headquarters in Johns Creek, Georgia, Saia LTL Freight operates 169 terminals across the country and employs over 10,500 people nationwide. Saia LTL Freight has been recognized by the American Trucking Associations Safety Management Council for its outstanding safety record as well as by the Environmental Protection Agency?€?s SmartWay program for its efforts to reduce its environmental impact.
Science Applications International Corporation, formerly SAIC Gemini, Inc. is a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company. The Company uses its domain knowledge to solve problems in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The Company serves customers in the United States Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the United States Department of Homeland Security, other United States Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. The Company provides services in two segments: government segment and commercial segment. Its government segment provides an array of technical services and solutions, primarily to United States federal, state and local government agencies and foreign governments. Its commercial segment provides technology-driven consulting, systems integration and outsourcing services and solutions in selected commercial markets.

Software Acquisition Group Inc II
Software Acquisition Group Inc II - Warrants (17/03/2027)
SailPoint Technologies Holdings Inc
Saratoga Investment Corp 7.25 Notes due 2025
Historical stock prices for Salisbury Bancorp (SAL). Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. (Salisbury) is the bank holding company of Salisbury Bank and Trust Company (the Bank). The Bank is a state-chartered and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC) insured commercial bank. Salisbury's principal business consists of the business of the Bank. The Bank provides commercial banking, consumer financing, retail banking and trust and wealth advisory services through eight banking offices, 10 automated teller machines (ATMs) and its Internet Website www.salisburybank.com.
Salem Communications Corporation (Salem) is a domestic multi-media company with integrated business operations covering radio broadcasting, publishing and the Internet. Salem's core business is the ownership and operation of radio stations in metropolitan markets. Upon the close of all announced transactions, the Company will own and/or operate a national portfolio of 99 radio stations in 38 markets, including 61 stations in 22 of the top 25 markets, which consist of 29 frequency modulation (FM) stations and 70 amplitude modulation (AM) stations. Its broadcast business also includes Salem Radio Network (SRN), a wholly owned national radio network syndicating music, news and talk programs to over approximately 2,400 affiliated radio stations, in addition to those stations that it owns and operates. In August 2012, the Company acquired SermonSpice.com, an online provider of church media for local churches and ministries.
Scorpio Bulkers Inc. is a provider of marine transportation of dry bulk commodities, and is investing in the next generation of wind turbine installation vessels. The Company has recently sold five vessels and has contracted to sell eight additional vessels, three of which are expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2020 and five of which are expected to close in the first half of 2021. Upon the completion of the announced vessel sales, Scorpio Bulkers Inc. will have an operating fleet of 41 vessels consisting of 36 wholly-owned or finance leased drybulk vessels (including 8 Kamsarmax vessels and 28 Ultramax vessels), and five time chartered-in??Kamsarmax vessels. In addition to its dry bulk fleet, the Company has signed a letter of intent to enter into a shipbuilding contract with Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering Inc. to build a wind turbine installation vessel to be delivered in 2023, with options to build three further similar vessels. The Company?€?s owned and finance leased fleet will have a total carrying capacity of approximately 2.7 million dwt and all of the Company?€?s owned and finance leased vessels will have carrying capacities of greater than 60,000 dwt.
The Boston Beer Company, Inc. began in 1984 when Founder and Brewer Jim Koch used a generations-old family recipe to brew beer in his kitchen. Inspired and unafraid to challenge conventional thinking about beer, Jim brought the recipe to life with hopes drinkers would appreciate the complex, full-flavor and started sampling the beer in Boston. He named the flagship brew Samuel Adams Boston Lager in recognition of one of our nation's founding fathers, a revolutionary man of independent and pioneering spirit. Today, Samuel Adams is the world's most award-winning Craft brewery and remains focused on crafting the highest quality beers through innovation and experimentation in the relentless pursuit of better. Our portfolio of brands also includes Angry Orchard Hard Cider, Twisted Tea, Truly Hard Seltzer, Marathon Brewing Company, Wild Leaf Hard Tea and Tura Alcoholic Kombucha as well as several other craft beer brands brewed by A&S Brewing, our craft beer incubator.
Schultze Special Purpose Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: SAMA, SAMAW, and SAMAU) is a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. SAMA's sponsor is an affiliate of Schultze Asset Management, LP, an alternative investment management firm founded in 1998 that focuses on distressed, special situation and event-driven securities and has invested over $3.2 billion since inception with a notable track-record through its active investment strategy. SAMA itself is backed by an experienced team of operators and investors with a successful track-record of creating material value in public and private companies. About Clever Leaves Clever Leaves is a multi-national cannabis company with a mission to operate in compliance with federal and state laws and with an emphasis on ecologically sustainable, large-scale cultivation and pharmaceutical-grade processing as the cornerstones of its global cannabinoid business. With operations and investments in Canada, Colombia, Germany, Portugal, and the United States, Clever Leaves has created an effective distribution network and global footprint, with a foundation built upon capital efficiency and rapid growth. Clever Leaves aims to be one of the industry's leading global cannabinoid companies recognized for its principles, people, and performance while fostering a healthier global community. Additional Information and Where to Find It SAMA, Clever Leaves and Holdco urge investors, stockholders and other interested persons to read the Registration Statement, including the proxy statement/prospectus, as well as other documents filed with the SEC, because these documents will contain important information about the Business Combination. Following the Registration Statement having been declared effective by the SEC, a definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to stockholders of SAMA as of a record date to be established for voting on the Business Combination.
Schultze Special Purpose Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord & 1 War)
Schultze Special Purpose Acquisition Corp - Warrants (31/12/2023)
Silvercrest Asset Management Group Inc. is a full-service wealth management firm focused on providing financial advisory and related family office services to ultra-high net worth individuals and institutional investors. In addition to a range of investment capabilities, the Company offers a suite of complementary and customized family office services for families seeking oversight of their financial affairs. As of December 31, 2012, the Company's assets under management were $11.2 billion. As of December 31, 2012, approximately 93% of its assets under management were held for its individual clients and 7% for its institutional clients. The Company is the sole general partner in Silvercrest L.P. The business includes the management of funds of funds, and other investment funds (the Silvercrest Funds).
Santander Bank, N.A. is one of the country's largest retail and commercial banks with $89.5 billion in assets. With its corporate offices in Boston, the Bank's 9,100 employees, 575 branches, more than 2,000 ATMs and more than 2.1 million customers are principally located in Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Delaware. The Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Madrid -based Banco Santander, S.A. - one of the most respected banking groups in the world with more than 146 million customers in the U.S., Europe, and Latin America.
Santander Finance Preferred SA Unipersonal Floating Rate Non-cumulative Series 6 Guaranteed Preferred Securities
Sandstorm Gold Ltd. (Sandstorm Gold), formerly Sandstorm Resources Ltd., is a gold streaming company. The Company provides financing to gold mining companies that are looking for capital and in return, receives a gold streaming agreement. It is a non-operating gold mining company with seven gold streams in the portfolio, five of which are producing gold. The Company's projects include the Aurizona Gold project, the Santa Elena project, the Summit Mine project, the Ming Mine project, the Black Fox Mine project, Bracemac-McLeod project and the Bachelor Lake Mine. It holds 17% interest in the mine gold production from Aurizona. Santa Elena Project, in which the Company holds 20% interest. It holds 12% interest in the mine gold production from Black fox mine project. In October 2013, Sandstorm Gold Ltd announced the acquisition of Premier Royalty Inc.
Sanmina Corporation, a Fortune 500 company, is a leading integrated manufacturing solutions provider serving the fastest growing segments of the global Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) market. Recognized as a technology leader, Sanmina provides end-to-end manufacturing solutions, delivering superior quality and support to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) primarily in the communications networks, cloud computing, industrial, defense, medical and automotive. Sanmina has facilities strategically located in key regions throughout the world.
Founded in 1980, S&W Seed Company is a global agricultural company headquartered in??Longmont, Colorado. S&W's vision is to be the world's preferred proprietary seed company which supplies a range of forage and specialty crop products that supports the growing global demand for animal proteins and healthier consumer diets. S&W is a global leader in proprietary alfalfa, sorghum and pasture seeds, with significant research and development, production and distribution capabilities. S&W's product portfolio also includes hybrid sunflower and wheat and the company is utilizing its research and breeding expertise to develop and produce stevia, the all-natural, zero calorie sweetener for the food and beverage industry.
SAP SE provides application and analytics software and software-related services for enterprises worldwide. The company offers solutions covering various lines of businesses, including asset management, commerce, finance, human resources, manufacturing, marketing, sales, service, sourcing and procurement, supply chain, and sustainability, as well as research and development, and engineering. It provides enterprise application software to various industries, including consumer, discrete manufacturing, energy and natural resources, financial services, public services, and services. In addition, the company offers SAP HANA, a platform that combines database, data processing, and application platform capabilities in-memory, as well as simplifies application development and processing across Big Data sources and structures; and SAP HANA Cloud Platform, which enables ease and flexibility in building, extending, and integrating business applications available to its partners, customers, and third-party developers. Further, it provides SAP Business Suite and SAP Business Warehouse, as well as custom SAP HANA applications in the company??s cloud data centers. Additionally, the company provides analytic solutions, such as Enterprise business intelligence, Agile visualization, and Advanced analytics for information and data needs. It also offers design, rapid deployment, and custom development; support services and software updates, and enhancements; and consulting and training services. The company was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Walldorf, Germany.
Saratoga Investment is a specialty finance company that provides customized financing solutions to U.S. middle-market businesses. The Company invests primarily in senior and unitranche leveraged loans and mezzanine debt, and, to a lesser extent, equity to provide financing for change of ownership transactions, strategic acquisitions, recapitalizations and growth initiatives in partnership with business owners, management teams and financial sponsors. Saratoga Investment?€?s objective is to create attractive risk-adjusted returns by generating current income and long-term capital appreciation from its debt and equity investments. Saratoga Investment has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and is externally-managed by Saratoga Investment Advisors, LLC, an SEC-registered investment advisor focusing on credit-driven strategies. Saratoga Investment owns two SBIC-licensed subsidiaries and manages a $500 million collateralized loan obligation (?€?CLO?€?) fund. It also owns 100% of the Class F-R-2, G-R-2 and subordinated notes of the CLO. The Company?€?s diverse funding sources, combined with a permanent capital base, enable Saratoga Investment to provide a broad range of financing solutions.
Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., headquartered in Olney, Maryland, is the holding company for Sandy Spring Bank, a premier community bank in the Greater Washington, D.C. region. With ove r 65 locati ons, the bank offers a broad range of commercial and retail banking, mortgage, private banking, and trust services throughout Maryland, Northern Virginia, and Washington, D.C. Through its subsidiaries, Rembert Pendleton Jackson, Sandy Spring Insurance Corporation and West Financial Services, Inc., Sandy Spring Bank also offers a comprehensive menu of insurance and wealth management services.
EchoStar Corporation is a holding company. EchoStar Technologies segment designs, develops and distributes digital set-top boxes and related products and technology, including its Slingbox placeshifting technology, primarily for satellite television service providers, telecommunication and cable companies and, with respect to Slingboxes, directly to consumers via retail outlets. Its EchoStar Satellite Services segment uses 10 of its 11-owned and leased in-orbit satellites and related Federal Communications Commission licenses to lease capacity on a full-time and occasional-use basis primarily to DISH Network, and secondarily to Dish Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V., the United States Government service providers, state agencies, Internet service providers, programmers and private enterprise customers. Hughes segment provides satellite broadband Internet access to North American consumers and broadband network services and systems to the domestic and international enterprise markets.
Cassava Sciences?€? mission is to discover and develop innovations for chronic, neurodegenerative conditions. Over the past 10 years, Cassava Sciences has combined state-of-the-art technology with new insights in neurobiology to develop novel solutions for Alzheimer?€?s disease.
Spirit Airlines is committed to delivering the best value in the sky. We are the leader in providing customizable travel options starting with an unbundled fare. This allows our Guests to pay only for the options they choose ?€? like bags, seat assignments and refreshments ?€? something we call ?? La Smarte. We make it possible for our Guests to venture further and discover more than ever before. Our Fit Fleet?? is one of the youngest and most fuel-efficient in the U.S. We serve destinations throughout the U.S., Latin America and the Caribbean, and are dedicated to giving back and improving those communities. Come save with us at spirit.com. Images and videos are available here. SOURCE ProColombia
Safe Bulkers, Inc. (Safe Bulkers) is an international provider of marine drybulk transportation services, transporting bulk cargoes, particularly coal, grain and iron ore, along worldwide shipping routes. Safe Bulkers is a holding company with 35 subsidiaries. As of February 15, 2013, the Company had a fleet of 25 drybulk vessels, with an aggregate carrying capacity of 2,282,400 dead weight tons and an average age of four years. As of February 25, 2012 the Company's fleet consisted of 25 vessels, of which seven are Panamax class vessels, six are Kamsarmax class vessels, 10 are Post-Panamax class vessels and two are Capesize class vessels, with an aggregate carrying capacity of 2,282,400 dead weight tons and an average age of four years. During the year ended December 31, 2012, two of the Company's charterers accounted for 62.9% of its revenues, namely Daiichi Chuo Kishen Kaisha and Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha.
Safe Bulkers Inc Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Series C (Marshall Islands)
Safe Bulkers Inc Perpetual Preferred Series D (Marshall Islands)
SBA Communications Corporation is a leading independent owner and operator of wireless communications infrastructure including towers, buildings, rooftops, distributed antenna systems (DAS) and small cells. With a portfolio of more than 32,000 communications sites in fourteen markets throughout the Americas and South Africa, SBA is listed on NASDAQ under the symbol SBAC. Our organization is part of the S&P 500 and is one of the top 20 Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) based on market capitalization.
Scorpio Tankers Inc. 7.00 Senior Notes due 2025
Strongbridge Biopharma is a global commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of therapies for rare diseases with significant unmet needs. Strongbridge?€?s rare endocrine franchise includes RECORLEV?? (levoketoconazole), a cortisol synthesis inhibitor currently being studied in Phase 3 clinical studies for the treatment of endogenous Cushing?€?s syndrome, and veldoreotide extended release, a pre-clinical next-generation somatostatin analog being investigated for the treatment of acromegaly and potential additional applications in other conditions amenable to somatostatin receptor activation. Both RECORLEV and veldoreotide have received orphan drug designation from the FDA and the European Medicines Agency. The Company?€?s rare neuromuscular franchise includes KEVEYIS?? (dichlorphenamide), the first and only FDA-approved treatment for hyperkalemic, hypokalemic, and related variants of primary periodic paralysis. KEVEYIS has orphan drug exclusivity in the United States.
Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida is one of the largest community banks headquartered in Florida with approximately $8.3 billion in assets and $6.9 billion in deposits as of September??30, 2020. The Company provides integrated financial services including commercial and retail banking, wealth management, and mortgage services to customers through advanced banking solutions, and 51 traditional branches of its locally-branded, wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Seacoast Bank. Offices stretch from Fort Lauderdale, Boca Raton and West Palm Beach north through the Daytona Beach area, into Orlando and Central Florida and the adjacent Tampa market, and west to Okeechobee and surrounding counties.


Switchback Energy Acquisition Corp Warrants 25072026
Headquartered in Defiance, Ohio, SB Financial is a diversified financial services holding company for the State Bank & Trust Company (State Bank) and SBFG Title, LLC dba Peak Title (Peak Title). State Bank provides a full range of financial services for consumers and small businesses, including wealth management, private client services, mortgage banking and commercial and agricultural lending, operating through a total of 21 offices; 20 in nine Ohio counties and one in Fort Wayne, Indiana, and 23 full-service ATMs. State Bank has five loan production offices located throughout the Tri-State region of Ohio, Indiana and Michigan. Peak Title provides title insurance and opinions throughout the Tri-State region. SB Financial's common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol "SBFG". In May 2020, SB Financial was ranked #125 on the American Banker Magazine's list of Top 200 Publicly Traded Community Banks and Thrifts based on three-year average return on equity ("ROE").

Sandbridge Acquisition Corp
Sandbridge Acquisition Corporation Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50
Sinclair is a diversified media company and leading provider of local sports and news. The Company owns and/or operates 23 regional sports network brands; owns, operates and/or provides services to 190 television stations in 88 markets; is a leading local news provider in the country; owns multiple national networks; and has TV stations affiliated with all the major broadcast networks. Sinclair's content is delivered via multiple platforms, including over-the-air, multi-channel video program distributors, and digital platforms.
Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. is an international specialty retailer and distributor of professional beauty supplies with revenues of approximately??$3.5 billion??annually. Through the Sally Beauty Supply and Beauty Systems Group businesses, the Company sells and distributes through 5,062 stores, including 158 franchised units, and has operations throughout??the United States,??Puerto Rico,??Canada,??Mexico,??Chile,??Peru, the??United Kingdom,??Ireland,??Belgium,??France,??the Netherlands,??Spain??and??Germany. Sally Beauty Supply stores offer up to 8,000 products for hair color, hair care, skin care, and nails through proprietary brands such as Ion??, Generic Value Products??, Beyond the Zone?? and Silk Elements?? as well as professional lines such as Wella??, Clairol??, OPI??, Conair?? and Hot Shot Tools??. Beauty Systems Group stores, branded as Cosmo Prof or Armstrong McCall stores, along with its outside sales consultants, sell up to 10,500 professionally branded products including Paul Mitchell??, Wella??, Matrix??, Schwarzkopf??, Kenra??, Goldwell??, Joico?? and CHI??, intended for use in salons and for resale by salons to retail consumers.
Star Bulk Carriers Corp., a shipping company, provides seaborne transportation solutions in the dry bulk sector worldwide. Its vessels transport various dry bulk commodities, including coal, iron ore, grains, and minor bulks, as well as bauxite, phosphate, fertilizers, and steel products. As of September 22, 2014, the company had a fleet of 103 vessels with an aggregate capacity of 11.9 million dwt. It also provides vessel management services to third party dry bulk vessels, including Capesize, Panamax, Kamsarmax, Panamax, and Supramax vessels. The company is based in Athens, Greece.
Star Bulk Carriers Corp. 8.30% Senior Notes due 2022
Signature Bank, member FDIC, is a New York-based, full-service commercial bank with 36 private client offices throughout the metropolitan New York area, including Connecticut as well as in California and North Carolina. The Bank?€?s growing network of private client banking teams serves the needs of privately owned businesses, their owners and senior managers. Signature Bank?€?s specialty finance subsidiary, Signature Financial, LLC, provides equipment finance and leasing. Signature Securities Group Corporation, a wholly owned Bank subsidiary, is a licensed broker-dealer, investment adviser and member FINRA/SIPC, offering investment, brokerage, asset management and insurance products and services. The Bank?€?s revolutionary blockchain-based digital payments platform, Signet???, allows the Bank?€?s commercial clients to make real-time payments in U.S. dollars, 24/7/365. Signature Bank is the first FDIC-insured bank to launch a blockchain-based digital payments platform, and Signet is the first such platform to be approved for use by the NYS Department of Financial Services. Since commencing operations in May 2001, the Bank has emerged as one of the top 40 largest banks in the U.S., based on deposits ( S&P Global Market Intelligence).

Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc.??is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company engaged in the discovery and development of a novel class of therapeutics using its proprietary small molecule nucleotide platform. The company designs its compounds to selectively target and modulate the activity of specific proteins implicated in various disease states. The company is developing its STING product portfolio with its lead clinical product candidate, SB 11285, an intravenously-administered immunotherapeutic agent for the treatment of selected cancers, its STING antagonist compounds for the treatment of a broad range of inflammatory diseases and its STING agonist ADC program for potential oncology applications.
Sabine Royalty Trust (the Trust) is an express trust. The trustee of the Trust is Bank of America, N.A. The Royalty Properties are the assets of the Trust. The basic function of the Trustee is to collect income from the Trust properties, to pay out of the Trust's income and assets all expenses, charges and obligations, and to pay available income to Unit holders. The Royalty Properties constitute interests in gross production of oil, gas and other minerals. The Royalty Properties consist of royalty and mineral interests, including landowner's royalties, overriding royalty interests, minerals, production payments and any other similar, non-participatory interest, in certain producing and proved undeveloped oil and gas properties. These properties are represented by approximately 5,400 tracts of land. Approximately 2,950 of the tracts are in Oklahoma, 1,750 in Texas, 330 in Louisiana, 200 in New Mexico, 150 in Mississippi and 12 in Florida.
Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. operates as a real estate investment trust in the United States. The company, through its subsidiaries, owns and invests in real estate properties for the healthcare industry. Its property portfolio consists of 86 properties comprising 67 skilled nursing facilities; 10 combined skilled nursing, assisted living, and independent living facilities; 5 assisted living facilities; 2 mental health facilities; 1 independent living facility; and 1 continuing care retirement community. The company leases its properties to subsidiaries of Sun Healthcare Group, Inc. As of December 31, 2010, its properties had a total of 9,603 licensed beds or units across 19 states. The company is based in Irvine, California.
Companhia de Saneamento B??sico do Estado de S??o Paulo??SABESP provides basic and environmental sanitation services; and supplies treated water on a wholesale basis to residential, commercial, industrial, and governmental customers in the state of S??o Paulo. Its activities comprise water supply; sanitary sewage services; urban rainwater management and drainage services; urban cleaning services; solid waste management services; and related activities, including the planning, operation, maintenance, and commercialization of energy. As of December 31, 2013, the company provided water services through 7.9 million water connections to approximately 24.6 million people; and sewage services through 6.3 million sewage connections to approximately 21.5 million people, as well as operated 69,619 kilometers of water pipes and water transmission lines, and 47,103 kilometers of sewer lines. It also provides water and/or sewage services to other municipalities through special purpose companies; and consulting services regarding the rational use of water and commercial and operational management in Panama and Honduras through a partnership. The company was founded in 1954 and is headquartered in S??o Paulo, Brazil.
Southside Bancshares, Inc. is a bank holding company headquartered in Tyler, Texas, with approximately $7.19 billion in assets as of September 30, 2020. Through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Southside Bank, Southside currently operates 57 branches and a network of 80 ATMs/ITMs throughout East Texas, Southeast Texas, Dallas/Fort Worth and Austin. Serving customers since 1960, Southside Bank is a community-focused financial institution that offers a full range of financial products and services to individuals and businesses. These products and services include consumer and commercial loans, mortgages, deposit accounts, safe deposit boxes, treasury management, wealth management, trust services, brokerage services and an array of online and mobile services.
Sibanye Gold Limited (Sibanye Gold), formerly GFI Mining South Africa (Pty) Limited, is a producer of gold in South Africa. Sibanye Gold is primarily engaged in underground and surface gold mining and related activities, including extraction, and processing. Sibanye Gold's operations are located in South Africa. Its principal mining operations include Kloof-Driefontein Complex (KDC) and Beatrix. The KDC mine is located in the Gauteng Province of South Africa in the Far West Rand mining district, some 60 kilometers southwest of Johannesburg. As of January 10, 2013, KDC is consisted of 13 producing shaft. The Beatrix operation is located in the Free State Province of South Africa, some 240 kilometers southwest of Johannesburg, near Welkom and Virginia, and consists of the Beatrix mine. As of January 10, 2013, Beatrix had four shaft systems, with five ventilation shafts, and is serviced by two metallurgical plants.
Sterling Bancorp, Inc. is a unitary thrift holding company. Its wholly owned subsidiary, Sterling Bank and Trust, F.S.B., has primary branch operations in San Francisco and Los Angeles, California, New York City and Bellevue, Washington. Sterling offers a range of loan products to the residential and commercial markets, as well as retail and business banking services. Sterling also has an operations center and a branch in Southfield, Michigan.
Barclays Bank Plc iPath Silver ETN Global Med Term Nt Ser A 10062049
Since 1971, Starbucks Coffee Company has been committed to ethically sourcing and roasting high-quality arabica coffee. Today, with over 32,000 stores around the globe, the company is the premier roaster and retailer of specialty coffee in the world. Through our unwavering commitment to excellence and our guiding principles, we bring the unique Starbucks Experience to life for every customer through every cup.
USA Holdings Inc. Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. ("SC") is a full-service consumer finance company focused on vehicle finance, third-party servicing and delivering superior service to our more than 3.1 million customers across the full credit spectrum. SC, which began originating retail installment contracts in 1997, had an average managed asset portfolio of approximately $61 billion (for the second quarter ended June 30, 2020 ), and is headquartered in Dallas. ( www.santanderconsumerusa.com ) CONTACTS: Santander US Media Relations Laurie Kight 214.801.6455 [email??protected] Santander Consumer USA Inc. Foundation Suzanne Massey 214.636.1879 [email??protected] SOURCE Santander Consumer USA Inc. Related Links http://www.santanderconsumerusa.com
Stellus Capital Investment Corporation 5.75% Notes due 2022
Sachem Capital Corp
Southern Copper Corporation (SCC) is an integrated copper producer. The Company produces copper, molybdenum, zinc and silver. The Company has three operating segments Peruvian operations, Mexican open-pit operations and Mexican underground mining operations (IMMSA unit).All of its mining, smelting and refining facilities are located in Peru and Mexico and it conducts exploration activities in those countries and in Argentina, Chile and Ecuador. The Peruvian operations include the Toquepala and Cuajone mine complexes and the smelting and refining plants, industrial railroad and port facilities which service both mines. Mexican open-pit operations, which include the La Caridad and Buenavista mine complexes and the smelting and refining plants and support facilities which service both mines. Mexican underground mining operations, which include five underground mines that produce zinc, copper, silver and gold, a coal mine which produces coal and coke, and a zinc refinery.
SCE Trust II Trust Preferred Securities
SCE Trust III Fixed/Floating Rate Trust Preference Securities
Southern California Edison Company 5.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Trust Preference Securities
Southern California Edison Company 5.45% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Trust Preference Securities
SCE TRUST VI
For 100 years, Scholastic Corporation has been encouraging the personal and intellectual growth of all children, beginning with literacy. Having earned a reputation as a trusted partner to educators and families, Scholastic is the world's largest publisher and distributor of children's books, a leading provider of literacy curriculum, professional services, and classroom magazines, and a producer of educational and entertaining children's media. The Company creates and distributes bestselling books and e-books, print and technology-based learning programs for pre-K to grade 12, and other products and services that support children's learning and literacy, both in school and at home. With 15 international operations and exports to 165 countries, Scholastic makes quality, affordable books available to all children around the world through school-based book clubs and book fairs, classroom libraries, school and public libraries, retail, and online.
Schnitzer Steel Industries, Inc. is one of the largest manufacturers and exporters of recycled metal products in North America with operating facilities located in 23 states, Puerto Rico and Western Canada. Schnitzer has seven deep water export facilities located on both the East and West Coasts and in Hawaii and Puerto Rico. The Company?€?s integrated operating platform also includes 50 stores which sell serviceable used auto parts from salvaged vehicles and receive approximately 5 million annual retail visits. The Company?€?s steel manufacturing operations produce finished steel products, including rebar, wire rod and other specialty products. The Company began operations in 1906 in Portland, Oregon.
The Charles Schwab Corporation is a leading provider of financial services, with 28 million active brokerage accounts, 2.0 million corporate retirement plan participants, 1.5 million banking accounts, and approximately $6 trillion in client assets*. Through its operating subsidiaries, the company provides a full range of wealth management, securities brokerage, banking, asset management, custody, and financial advisory services to individual investors and independent investment advisors. Its broker-dealer subsidiaries, Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., TD Ameritrade, Inc., and TD Ameritrade Clearing, Inc., (members SIPC, https://www.sipc.org ), and their affiliates offer a complete range of investment services and products including an extensive selection of mutual funds; financial planning and investment advice; retirement plan and equity compensation plan services; referrals to independent, fee-based investment advisors; and custodial, operational and trading support for independent, fee-based investment advisors through Schwab Advisor Services. Its primary banking subsidiary, Charles Schwab Bank, SSB (member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender), provides banking and lending services and products.
The Charles Schwab Corporation Depositary Shares Series C
The Charles Schwab Corporation Depositary Shares Series D
Service Corporation International, headquartered in Houston, Texas, is North America's leading provider of deathcare products and services. At June??30, 2020, we owned and operated 1,472 funeral service locations and 483 cemeteries (of which 296 are combination locations) in 44 states, eight Canadian provinces, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico. Through our businesses, we market the Dignity Memorial?? brand which offers assurance of quality, value, caring service, and exceptional customer satisfaction.
Socket Mobile is a leading provider of data capture and delivery solutions for enhanced productivity in workforce mobilization. Socket Mobile's revenue is primarily driven by the deployment of third-party barcode-enabled mobile applications that integrate Socket Mobile's cordless barcode scanners and contactless reader/writers. Specifically, Socket Mobile's revenue is driven by mobile applications servicing the specialty retailer, field service, transportation, and manufacturing markets. Socket Mobile has a network of thousands of developers who use its software developer tools to add sophisticated data capture to their mobile applications. Socket Mobile is headquartered in Newark, Calif. and can be reached at +1-510-933-3000 or https://www.socketmobile.com/. Follow Socket Mobile on https://www.facebook.com/socketmobile, Twitter https://twitter.com/socketmobile and on our https://www.socketmobile.com/about-us/news-room/sockettalk/blog-post.
Stepan Company produces specialty and intermediate chemicals, which are sold to other manufacturers and then made into a variety of end products. The Company serves principal markets, such as manufacturers of cleaning and washing compounds (including detergents, shampoos, fabric softeners, toothpastes and household cleaners), paints, cosmetics, food and beverages, agricultural products, plastics, furniture, automotive equipment, insulation and refrigeration. The Company has three segments: surfactants, polymers and specialty products. The Company operates in the geographical regions of North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia. As of December 31, 2012, the Surfactants segment accounted to 72%, Polymers segment accounted to 24% and Specialty segment accounted to 4% of the Company's revenues. On March 22, 2012, the Company increased its controlling interest in Stepan Philippines Inc from 89% to 100%.
The Company is an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified investment management company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Company's investment objective is to maximize the total return to its stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in private middle-market companies (typically those with $5.0 million to $50.0 million of EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization)) through first lien, second lien, unitranche and mezzanine debt financing, and corresponding equity investments. The Company's investment activities are managed by its investment adviser, Stellus Capital Management.
comScore, Inc., is a provider of on-demand digital analytics solutions that help its customers to make informed, data-driven decisions and implement digital business strategies. The Company's products and solutions offer the customers deep insights into consumer behavior, including objective, detailed information regarding usage of their online properties and those of their competitors, coupled with information on consumer demographic characteristics, attitudes, lifestyles and offline behavior. In addition, it offers mobile and network analytics products which provide market intelligence to mobile carriers worldwide. Its platforms consists of databases and a computational infrastructure that measures, analyzes and reports on digital activity. On August 11, 2011, the Company completed its acquisition of AdXpose, Inc. (AdXpose). In March 2013, the Company announced the divestiture of its non-health copy-testing and non-health equity tracking assets of ARS to MSW Research.

SC Health Corporation Units
Sc Health Corp Warrants 01012024
scPharmaceuticals Inc
Sciplay Corp Ordinary Shares Class A
For over 108 years, Steelcase Inc. has helped create great experiences for the world's leading organizations, across industries. We demonstrate this through our family of brands??- including Steelcase??, Coalesse??, Designtex??, Turnstone??, Smith System??, Orangebox?? and AMQ??. Together, they offer a comprehensive portfolio of architecture, furniture and technology products and services designed to unlock human promise and support social, economic and environmental sustainability. We are globally accessible through a network of channels, including approximately 800 Steelcase dealer locations. Steelcase is a global, industry-leading and publicly traded company with fiscal 2020 revenue of $3.7 billion. STEELCASE INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) (in millions, except per share data) Three Months Ended Six Months Ended August 28, 2020 August 23, 2019 August 28, 2020 August 23, 2019 Revenue $ 818.8 $ 998.0 $ 1,301.6 $ 1,822.3 Cost of sales 542.3 664.5 902.4 1,230.4 Restructuring costs 6.9 ?€? 6.9 ?€? Gross profit 269.6 333.5 392.3 591.9 Operating expenses 172.3 248.2 329.7 479.0 Goodwill impairment charge ?€? ?€? 17.6 ?€? Restructuring costs 8.7 ?€? 8.7 ?€? Operating income 88.6 85.3 36.3 112.9 Interest expense (6.8 ) (6.7 ) (14.1 ) (13.4 ) Investment income 0.2 1.5 1.0 2.5 Other income, net 0.8 2.0 4.8 4.2 Income before income tax expense 82.8 82.1 28.0 106.2 Income tax expense 27.3 21.6 10.6 27.9 Net income $ 55.5 $ 60.5 $ 17.4 $ 78.3 Earnings per share: Basic $ 0.47 $ 0.50 $ 0.15 $ 0.65 Diluted $ 0.47 $ 0.50 $ 0.15 $ 0.65 Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 117.6 119.7 117.4 119.6 Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 117.8 120.2 117.6 120.1 Dividends declared and paid per common share $ 0.100 $ 0.145 $ 0.170 $ 0.290 STEELCASE INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in millions) August 28, 2020 February 28, 2020 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 515.9 $ 541.0 Accounts receivable 329.0 381.8 Allowance for doubtful accounts (9.9 ) (9.4 ) Inventories 217.5 215.0 Prepaid expenses 23.6 21.6 Other current assets 56.5 38.8 Total current assets 1,132.6 1,188.8 Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $1,024.0 and $977.7 418.1 426.3 Company-owned life insurance ("COLI") 167.8 160.0 Deferred income taxes 110.0 124.6 Goodwill 215.1 233.6 Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of $65.1 and $56.7 94.5 102.9 Investments in unconsolidated affiliates 54.0 52.3 Right-of-use operating lease assets 219.1 237.9 Other assets 28.5 39.0 Total assets $ 2,439.7 $ 2,565.4 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS?€? EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 210.2 $ 244.3 Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt 2.6 2.9 Current operating lease obligations 42.8 43.1 Accrued expenses: Employee compensation 93.2 191.7 Employee benefit plan obligations 28.2 44.7 Accrued promotions 28.6 35.3 Customer deposits 104.0 28.6 Other 110.4 100.3 Total current liabilities 620.0 690.9 Long-term liabilities: Long-term debt less current maturities 480.7 481.4 Employee benefit plan obligations 143.0 148.3 Long-term operating lease obligations 198.7 214.0 Other long-term liabilities 49.2 60.4 Total long-term liabilities 871.6 904.1 Total liabilities 1,491.6 1,595.0 Shareholders?€? equity: Additional paid-in capital 1.7 28.4 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (56.3 ) (69.3 ) Retained earnings 1,002.7 1,011.3 Total shareholders?€? equity 948.1 970.4 Total liabilities and shareholders?€? equity $ 2,439.7 $ 2,565.4 STEELCASE INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW (Unaudited) (in millions) Six Months Ended August 28, 2020 August 23, 2019 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income $ 17.4 $ 78.3 Depreciation and amortization 43.3 41.4 Goodwill impairment charge 17.6 ?€? Restructuring costs 15.6 ?€? Deferred income taxes 18.0 2.9 Non-cash stock compensation 9.7 12.0 Equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates (3.9 ) (5.7 ) Dividends received from unconsolidated affiliates 2.8 8.2 Other (12.5 ) (0.8 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 58.0 (82.2 ) Inventories (0.2 ) (20.5 ) Other assets (10.8 ) 3.9 Accounts payable (36.5 ) 37.8 Employee compensation liabilities (120.8 ) (46.1 ) Employee benefit obligations (24.9 ) (17.7 ) Customer deposits 74.3 7.4 Accrued expenses and other liabilities (2.2 ) 23.9 Net cash provided by operating activities 44.9 42.8 INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures (18.0 ) (32.5 ) Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets 7.1 1.0 Other 4.9 1.9 Net cash used in investing activities (6.0 ) (29.6 ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Dividends paid (20.1 ) (34.5 ) Common stock repurchases (42.3 ) (5.9 ) Borrowings on lines of credit 250.0 ?€? Repayments on lines of credit (250.0 ) ?€? Other (1.4 ) (2.3 ) Net cash used in financing activities (63.8 ) (42.7 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 0.2 (1.4 ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (24.7 ) (30.9 ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 1 547.1 264.8 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 2 $ 522.4 $ 233.9 (1) These amounts include restricted cash of $6.1 and $3.5 as of February??28, 2020 and February??22, 2019, respectively. (2) These amounts include restricted cash of $6.5 and $4.8 as of August??28, 2020 and August??23, 2019, respectively. Restricted cash primarily represents funds held in escrow for potential future workers?€? compensation and product liability claims. Restricted cash is included as part of Other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.
ScanSource, Inc. is at the center of the technology solution delivery channel, connecting businesses and providing solutions for their complex needs. ScanSource sells through multiple, specialized routes-to-market with digital, physical and services offerings from the world?€?s leading suppliers of point-of-sale (POS), payments, barcode, physical security, unified communications and collaboration, telecom, and cloud services. ScanSource enables its sales partners to create, deliver and manage solutions for end-customers across almost every vertical market. Founded in 1992 and headquartered in Greenville, South Carolina, ScanSource was named one of the 2020 Best Places to Work in South Carolina and on FORTUNE magazine?€?s 2020 List of World?€?s Most Admired Companies. ScanSource ranks #654 on the Fortune 1000.
"Sculptor Capital Management, Inc. is a leading global alternative asset management firm providing investment products
in a range of areas including multi-strategy, credit and real estate. With offices in New York, London, Hong Kong and
Shanghai, the Company serves global clients through commingled funds, separate accounts and specialized products.
Sculptor Capital?€?s distinct investment process seeks to generate attractive and consistent risk-adjusted returns across
market cycles through a combination of fundamental bottom-up research, a high degree of flexibility, a collaborative
team and integrated risk management. The Company?€?s capabilities span all major geographies, in strategies including
fundamental equities, corporate credit, real estate debt and equity, merger arbitrage, structured credit and private
investments. As of September 1, 2019, Sculptor Capital had approximately $33.3 billion in assets under management.
For more information, please visit Sculptor Capital?€?s website (www.sculptor.com)."
Shoe Carnival, Inc. is one of the nation?€?s largest family footwear retailers, offering customers a broad assortment of moderately priced dress, casual and athletic footwear for men, women and children with emphasis on national name brands. As of November 19, 2020, the Company operates 383 stores in 35 states and Puerto Rico, and offers online shopping at www.shoecarnival.com. Headquartered in Evansville, IN, Shoe Carnival trades on The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC under the symbol SCVL. Shoe Carnival's press releases and annual report are available on the Company's website at www.shoecarnival.com.

SCVX Corp Unit 1 Cl A & 12 Red Wt
SCVX Corp. Redeemable warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50

The L.S. Starrett Company (Starrett) is engaged in the business of manufacturing over 5,000 different products for industrial, professional and consumer markets. As a global manufacturer, the Company offers its range of products to the market through multiple channels of distribution worldwide. The Company's products include precision tools, non-contact industrial measurement systems, electronic gages, gage blocks, optical vision and laser measuring equipment, custom engineered granite solutions, tape measures, levels, chalk products, squares, band saw blades, hole saws, hacksaw blades, jig saw blades, reciprocating saw blades, M1 lubricant and precision ground flat stock. On November 22, 2011, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Bytewise Development Corporation (Bytewise) pursuant to which it subsidiary purchased all of the assets of Bytewise.
SCYNEXIS, Inc.?? is a biotechnology company pioneering innovative medicines to potentially help millions of patients worldwide overcome and prevent difficult-to-treat infections that are becoming increasingly drug-resistant. Our lead candidate,??ibrexafungerp (formerly known as SCY-078), is a broad-spectrum, IV/oral antifungal agent representing a novel therapeutic class, in late stage development for multiple indications, ranging from vaginal yeast infections to life-threatening fungal infections in hospitalized patients. The SCYNEXIS team has deep expertise in anti-infective drug development and marketing, which can be leveraged to advance ibrexafungerp from clinical development to commercialization.
SandRidge Energy, Inc. is an independent oil and gas company engaged in the development and acquisition of oil and gas properties. Its primary areas of operation are the Mid-Continent in Oklahoma and Kansas and the North Park Basin in Colorado.
Smiledirectclub Inc Class A
Schr??dinger?€?s industry-leading computational platform to accelerate drug discovery and materials design is deployed by leading biopharmaceutical and industrial companies, academic institutions and government laboratories worldwide. Schr??dinger is also applying its computational platform to a robust pipeline of drug discovery programs in collaboration with pharmaceutical companies and has co-founded leading biotech companies, including Nimbus Therapeutics. In addition, Schr??dinger is using its platform to advance a pipeline of internal, wholly-owned drug discovery programs.
Superior Drilling Products, Inc., a drilling and completion tool technology company, engages in the manufacture, repair, sale, and rental of drilling tools in the United States and internationally. It is involved in the refurbishment of polycrystalline diamond compact drill bits; and design and manufacture of new drill bit and horizontal drill string enhancement tools for the oil, natural gas, and mining service industries. The company offers drill bits, drill N ream units, and other machined tools and component parts. It serves companies operating in the exploration and production of oil and natural gas. The company was formerly known as SD Company, Inc. and changed its name to Superior Drilling Products, Inc. in May 2014. Superior Drilling Products, Inc. was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Vernal, Utah.
Sea Limited American Depositary Shares - Class A
SeaChange International, Inc. (SeaChange) is engaged in the delivery of multi-screen video. The Company's products and services facilitate the aggregation, licensing, management and distribution of video, television programming and advertising content. SeaChange operates in two segments: software segment and the media services segment. The Company sells its products and services worldwide primarily to cables system operators, including Cablevision Systems, Comcast Cable Communications Management, LLC, Cox Communications, Inc, Virgin Media, Limited, and Rogers Communications, Inc; and telecommunications companies, including AT&T Services, Inc, Telekom Austria Group, Turk Telekom and Verizon Communications, Inc. On May 10, 2012, the Company completed the sale of its broadcast server and storage business. In May 2012, the Company sold its media services company, On Demand Group (ODG), to Avail-TVN.
Sports Entertainment Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/2 War)
SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment, Inc. is a leading theme park and entertainment company providing experiences that matter, and inspiring guests to protect animals and the wild wonders of our world. The Company is one of the world's foremost zoological organizations and a global leader in animal welfare, training, husbandry, and veterinary care. The Company collectively cares for one of the largest zoological collections in the world and has helped lead advances in the care of animals. The Company also rescues and rehabilitates marine and terrestrial animals that are ill, injured, orphaned, or abandoned, with the goal of returning them to the wild. The SeaWorld?? rescue team has helped more than 37,000 animals in need over the Company's history. SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment, Inc. owns or licenses a portfolio of recognized brands including SeaWorld, Busch Gardens??, Aquatica??, Sesame Place?? and Sea Rescue??. Over its more than 60-year history, the Company has built a diversified portfolio of 12 destination and regional theme parks that are grouped in key markets across the United States, many of which showcase its one-of-a-kind zoological collection. The Company's theme parks feature a diverse array of rides, shows and other attractions with broad demographic appeal which deliver memorable experiences and a strong value proposition for its guests. Video - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1283989/SeaWorld_Abu_Dhabi.mp4 Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1283987/SeaWorld_Abu_Dhabi_Entrance_Render.jpg Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1283988/SeaWorld_Abu_Dhabi_Aerial_Render.jpg SOURCE Miral; SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment Related Links https://miral.ae
Seaboard Corporation is a diverse global agribusiness and transportation company. In the United States, Seaboard is primarily engaged in pork production and processing and ocean transportation. Overseas, Seaboard is primarily engaged in commodity merchandising, grain processing, sugar production and electric power generation. Seaboard also has an interest in turkey operations in the United States. Its business includes Pork Division, Commodity Trading and Milling Division, Marine Division, Sugar Division, Power Division, Turkey Segment and Other Businesses. Seaboard Flour LLC and SFC Preferred LLC, Delaware limited liability companies, collectively own approximately 74.6% of the outstanding common stock of Seaboard.
Secoo Holding Limited ("Secoo") is one of Asia's largest online integrated premium products and services platform. Secoo provides customers a wide selection of authentic upscale products and lifestyle services on the Company's integrated online and offline shopping platforms, consisting of the Secoo.com website, mobile applications, and offline experience centers, offering over 400,000 SKUs, covering over 3,800 global and domestic brands. Supported by the Company's proprietary database of upscale products, authentication procedures, and brand cooperation, Secoo can ensure every product's authenticity and quality.
SolarEdge is a global leader in smart energy technology. By leveraging world-class engineering capabilities and with a relentless focus on innovation, SolarEdge creates smart energy solutions that power our lives and drive future progress. SolarEdge developed an intelligent inverter solution that changed the way power is harvested and managed in photovoltaic (PV) systems. The SolarEdge DC optimized inverter seeks to maximize power generation while lowering the cost of energy produced by the PV system. Continuing to advance smart energy, SolarEdge addresses a broad range of energy market segments through its PV, storage, EV charging, batteries, UPS, electric vehicle powertrains, and grid services solutions. SolarEdge is online at solaredge.com.
Sealed Air is in business to protect, to solve critical packaging challenges, and to leave our world better than we found it. Our portfolio of leading packaging solutions includes CRYOVAC?? brand food packaging, SEALED AIR?? brand protective packaging, AUTOBAG?? brand automated systems, and BUBBLE WRAP?? brand packaging, which collectively enable a safer, more efficient food supply chain and protect valuable goods shipped around the world. Sealed Air generated $4.8 billion in sales in 2019 and has approximately 16,500 employees who serve customers in 124 countries.
Origin Agritech Limited, founded in 1997 and headquartered in Zhong-Guan-Cun (ZGC) Life Science Park in Beijing, is a leading Chinese agricultural technology company. In crop seed biotechnologies, Origin Agritech's phytase corn was the first transgenic corn to receive the Bio-Safety Certificate from China's Ministry of Agriculture. Over the years, Origin has established a robust biotechnology seed pipeline including products with glyphosate tolerance and pest resistance (Bt) traits.
Apricus Biosciences, Inc. is in the pharmaceutical industry primarily focusing on research and development using its drug delivery technology called NexACT. The Company is actively engaged in acquiring companies and in-licensing drugs that will complement its product portfolio.The Company's pipeline of approved and late stage NexACT based product candidates includes Vitaros, which is approved in Canada for the treatment of erectile dysfunction, Femprox for female sexual arousal disorder, MycoVa for onychomycosis excluding tinea pedis (nail fungal infection), RayVa for Raynaud's Syndrome and PrevOnco for liver cancer. The Company's pipeline of late stage preclinical products includes Nupen for post-chemotherapy recovery of Neutrophil. In June, 2011, the Company sold Bio-Quant, Inc. (Bio-Quant). On December 29, 2011, the Company acquired Topotarget USA, Inc. In April 2013, the Company announced the sale of Totect (dexrazoxane HCl), and NitroMist (nitroglycerin sublingual aerosol).
SEI Investments Company (SEI) is a global provider of investment processing, investment management, and investment operations solutions. The Company helps corporations, financial institutions, financial advisors, and ultra-high-net-worth families create and manage wealth by providing comprehensive, investment and investment-business solutions. The Company's business segments include Private Banks , Investment Advisors , Institutional Investors, Investment Managers and Investments in New Businesses. The Company's Investment processing solutions consist of application and business process outsourcing services, professional services, and transaction-based services. Investment management programs consists of money market, fixed-income and equity mutual funds and other collective investment products, alternative investment portfolios, and separately managed accounts.
Selecta Biosciences Inc. is leveraging its clinically validated ImmTOR??? platform to develop tolerogenic therapies that selectively mitigate unwanted immune responses. With an observed ability to induce tolerance to highly immunogenic proteins, ImmTOR has the potential to amplify the efficacy of biologic therapies, including redosing of life-saving gene therapies, as well as restore the body?€?s natural self-tolerance in autoimmune diseases. The company?€?s first program aimed at addressing immunogenicity to AAV gene therapies is expected to enter clinical trials in early 2021 in collaboration with AskBio for the treatment of methylmalonic acidemia (MMA), a rare metabolic disorder. A wholly-owned program focused on addressing IgA nephropathy driven by ImmTOR and a therapeutic enzyme is also in development among additional product candidates. Selecta recently licensed its Phase 3 clinical product candidate, SEL-212, in chronic refractory gout to Sobi.
Self Storage Group, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, owns, operates, manages, acquires, develops, and redevelops professionally managed self storage properties in the United States. The company has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (REIT) under the Internal Revenue Code and would not be subject to federal corporate income taxes if it distributes at least 90% of its taxable income to its stockholders. The company was formerly known as Global Income Fund, Inc. and changed its name to Self Storage Group, Inc. in November 2013. Self Storage Group, Inc. was founded in 1983 and is based in New York, New York.
Select Medical is one of the largest operators of critical illness recovery hospitals, rehabilitation hospitals, outpatient rehabilitation clinics, and occupational health centers in the United States based on number of facilities. As of June 30, 2020, Select Medical operated 101 critical illness recovery hospitals in 28 states, 29 rehabilitation hospitals in 12 states, and 1,757 outpatient rehabilitation clinics in 37 states and the District of Columbia. Select Medical's joint venture subsidiary Concentra operated 522 occupational health centers in 41 states. Concentra also provides contract services at employer worksites. At June 30, 2020, Select Medical had operations in 47 states and the District of Columbia.
Seneca Foods is one of North America?€?s leading providers of packaged fruits and vegetables, with facilities located throughout the United States. Its high quality products are primarily sourced from over 1,600 American farms. Seneca is a major participant of the retail private label, food service, and export canned vegetable markets, distributing to over 90 countries. Products are also sold under the highly regarded brands of Libby?€?s??, Aunt Nellie?€?s??, Green Valley??, CherryMan??, READ??, and Seneca labels, including Seneca snack chips. Seneca?€?s common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Stock Market under the symbols ?€?SENEA?€? and ?€?SENEB?€?. SENEA is included in the S&P SmallCap 600, Russell 2000 and Russell 3000 indices. Contact: Timothy J. Benjamin, Chief Financial Officer 315-926-8100
Seneca Foods Corporation is a producer and distributor of processed fruits and vegetables. The Company's product offerings include canned, frozen and bottled produce and snack chips. The Company has two segments: processing and sale of fruits and vegetables and processing and sale of chip products. These two segments constitute the food operation. As of March 31, 2013, the food operation constituted 98% of total sales, of which approximately 69% was canned vegetable processing, 19% was canned fruit processing, 11% was frozen fruit and vegetable processing and 1% was fruit chip processing. The Company packs Green Giant, Le Sueur and other brands of canned vegetables, as well as select Green Giant frozen vegetables for General Mills Operations, LLC (GMOL). In January 2013, the Company acquired Independent Foods, LLC.
Senseonics Holdings, Inc. is a medical technology company focused on the design, development and commercialization of transformational glucose monitoring products designed to help people with diabetes confidently live their lives with ease. Senseonics' CGM Systems, Eversense ?? and Eversense ?? XL, include a small sensor inserted completely under the skin that communicates with a smart transmitter worn over the sensor. The glucose data are automatically sent every 5 minutes to a mobile app on the user's smartphone.
Sesen Bio, Inc. is a late-stage clinical company advancing next-generation antibody-drug conjugate therapies for the treatment of cancer based on the company?€?s Targeted Protein Therapeutics platform. The company?€?s lead program, Vicinium???, also known as VB4-845, is currently in a Phase 3 registration trial, the VISTA Trial, for the treatment of high-grade non-muscle invasive bladder cancer. Three-month results from the VISTA Trial are planned for presentation at the 2018 American Urological Association Annual Meeting on May 21, 2018, with 12-month data anticipated in mid-2019. Vicinium incorporates a tumor-targeting antibody fragment and a protein cytotoxic payload into a single protein molecule designed to selectively and effectively kill cancer cells while sparing healthy cells. For more information, please visit the company?€?s website at www.sesenbio.com.
Stifel Europe is a leading full-service middle-market investment bank based in London. We provide targeted advice across the capital structure to middle-market clients, supported by our U.S. listed parent, Stifel Financial Corp. Corporate broking, equity capital markets, debt capital markets, and mergers & acquisitions practices are all equally critical elements of our overall client service proposition. We anchor our advice in sector teams that have a full understanding of the relevant dynamics. We believe that the full-service offering focused on the middle market and the depth of our relationships in the U.S., enabled by our parentage, are key differentiating aspects of our service offering, across our industry coverage groups. Stifel Company Information Stifel Financial Corp. is a financial services holding company headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, that conducts its banking, securities, and financial services business through several wholly owned subsidiaries. Stifel?€?s broker-dealer clients are served in the United States through Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, including its Eaton Partners business division; Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.; Miller Buckfire & Co., LLC; Century Securities Associates, Inc., and in the United Kingdom and Europe through Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited. The Company?€?s broker-dealer affiliates provide securities brokerage, investment banking, trading, investment advisory, and related financial services to individual investors, professional money managers, businesses, and municipalities. Stifel Bank and Stifel Bank & Trust offer a full range of consumer and commercial lending solutions. Stifel Trust Company, N.A. and Stifel Trust Company Delaware, N.A. offer trust and related services.
Stifel Financial Corporation Depositary Shares Series A

Stifel Financial Corporation 5.20% Senior Notes due 2047
No Description Available
Bancshares, Inc. ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. is a bank holding company based in Birmingham, Alabama. Through its subsidiary ServisFirst Bank, ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. provides business and personal financial services from locations in Birmingham, Dothan, Huntsville, Mobile, and Montgomery, Alabama, Pensacola, Sarasota, and Tampa Bay, Florida, Nashville, Tennessee, Atlanta, Georgia, and Charleston, South Carolina. ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. files periodic reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Copies of its filings may be obtained through the SEC?€?s website at www.sec.gov or at www.servisfirstbancshares.com.
Historically, Safeguard Scientifics has provided capital and relevant expertise to fuel the growth of technology-driven businesses. Safeguard has a distinguished track record of fostering innovation and building market leaders that spans more than six decades. Safeguard is currently pursuing a focused strategy to value-maximize and monetize its ownership interests over a multi-year time frame to drive shareholder value.
Safe-T Group Ltd. (Nasdaq, TASE:??SFET) is a provider of Zero Trust Access solutions which mitigate attacks on enterprises' business-critical services and sensitive data, while ensuring uninterrupted business continuity. Safe-T's cloud and on-premises solutions ensure that an organization's access use cases, whether into the organization or from the organization out to the internet, are secured according to the "validate first, access later" philosophy of Zero Trust. This means that no one is trusted by default from inside or outside the network, and verification is required from everyone trying to gain access to resources on the network or in the cloud. Safe-T's wide range of access solutions reduce organizations' attack surface and improve their ability to defend against modern cyberthreats. As an additional layer of security, our integrated business-grade global proxy solution cloud service enables smooth and efficient traffic flow, interruption-free service, unlimited concurrent connections, instant scaling and simple integration with our services. With Safe-T's patented reverse-access technology and proprietary routing technology, organizations of all size and type can secure their data, services and networks against internal and external threats. Safe-T's SDP solution on AWS Marketplace is available here.
Stitch Fix is an online personal styling service that is reinventing the shopping experience by delivering one-to-one personalization to our clients through the combination of data science and human judgment. Stitch Fix was founded in 2011 by CEO Katrina Lake. Since then, we?€?ve helped millions of women, men, and kids discover and buy what they love through personalized selections of apparel, shoes, and accessories, curated by Stitch Fix stylists and algorithms.
Ship Finance International Limited owns and operates vessels and offshore related assets in Bermuda, Cyprus, Malta, Liberia, Norway, Singapore, the United Kingdom, and the Marshall Islands. It is also involved in the charter, purchase, and sale of assets. In addition, the company operates in several sectors of the shipping and offshore industry, including oil transportation, dry bulk shipments, chemical transportation, container transportation, car transportation, drilling rigs, and offshore supply vessels. As of March 27, 2014, it had a fleet of 22 oil tankers, 12 dry bulk carriers, 12 container vessels, 2 car carriers, 2 jack-up drilling rigs, 3 ultra-deepwater drilling units, 6 offshore supply vessels, and 2 chemical tankers. The company was founded in 2003 and is based in Hamilton, Bermuda.
Sprouts is the place where goodness grows. True to its farm-stand heritage, Sprouts offers a unique grocery experience featuring an open layout with fresh produce at the heart of the store. Sprouts inspires wellness naturally with a??carefully curated??assortment of better-for-you products paired with purpose-driven people. The healthy grocer continues to bring the latest in wholesome, innovative products made with lifestyle-friendly ingredients such as organic, plant-based and gluten-free. Headquartered in Phoenix, and one of the fastest growing retailers in the country, Sprouts employs approximately 35,000 team members and operates more than 350 stores in 23 states nationwide.
Simmons First National Corporation is a financial holding company headquartered in Pine Bluff, Arkansas, with total consolidated assets of approximately $21.4 billion as of September 30, 2020, conducting financial operations in Arkansas, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers comprehensive financial solutions delivered with a client-centric approach.
Southern First Bancshares, Inc. is the holding company for Southern First Bank, N.A. (the Bank). The Bank is primarily engaged in the business of accepting demand deposits and savings deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC), and providing commercial, consumer and mortgage loans to the general public. The Trusts are special purpose subsidiaries organized for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities. The Company's primary markets include Greenville County, South Carolina and the Columbia market, which includes Richland and Lexington Counties.The Bank's range of lending services includes real estate, commercial, and equity-line consumer loans to individuals and small- to medium-sized businesses and professional firms that are located in or conduct a substantial portion of their business in its market area. At December 31, 2012, the Company had net loans of $636.9 million, representing 79.8% of its total assets.

Insurance Acquisition Corp Warrants 20092020
ENLIGHTEN SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS INC
Osprey Energy Acquisition Corp II Unit 1 Cl A & 12 Wt Exp 10302024
Osprey Technology Acquisition Corp Warrants 31102024
SouFun Holdings Limited (SouFun) operates as a real estate Internet portal in China. The Company also operates home furnishing and improvement Websites. Through SouFun's Websites, it provides marketing, e-commerce, listing, and other value-added services for China's real estate and home-related sectors. SouFun's Internet portal focuses and supports SouFun's users in seeking information on the real estate and home-related sectors in China. SouFun maintains about 100 offices to focus on local market needs and its Website and database contains real estate related content covering more than 320 cities in China. Its www.soufun.com Website contains links to other specialized real estate and home furnishing and improvement Websites, including its www.jiatx.com Website, its e-commerce transaction and payment platform.
SCIENTIFIC GAMES HOLDINGS CORP
Saga Communications, Inc. is a broadcast company primarily engaged in acquiring, developing and operating radio and television stations. As of February 29, 2012, the Company owned and/or operated five television stations and four low-power television stations serving three markets, five radio information networks and 61 frequency modulation (FM) and radio stations serving 23 markets, including Bellingham, Washington; Columbus, Ohio; Norfolk, Virginia; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Manchester, New Hampshire; Des Moines, Iowa, and Joplin, Missouri. The Company operates in two segments: Radio and Television. The Radio segment includes 23 markets, which includes all 91 of its radio stations and five radio information networks. The Television segment includes three markets and consists of five television stations and four low power television (LPTV) stations.
SG Blocks, Inc. is a premier innovator in advancing and promoting the use of code-engineered cargo shipping containers for safe and sustainable construction. The firm offers a product that exceeds many standard building code requirements, and also supports developers, architects, builders and owners in achieving greener construction, faster execution, and stronger buildings of higher value. Each project starts with GreenSteel???, the structural core and shell of an SG Blocks building, and then customized to client specifications.
Superior Group of Companies ???, formerly Superior Uniform Group, established in 1920, is a combination of companies that help our customers unlock the power of their brands by creating extraordinary brand experiences for their employees and customers. We provide customized support for each of our divisions through our shared services model. Fashion Seal Healthcare ??, HPI ?? and CID Resources are signature uniform brands of Superior Group of Companies. Each is one of America?€?s leading providers of uniforms and image apparel in the markets we serve. We specialize in innovative uniform program design, global manufacturing, and state-of-the-art distribution. Every workday, more than 6 million Americans go to work wearing a uniform from Superior Group of Companies. BAMKO ??, Tangerine Promotions ?? and Public Identity ?? are signature promotional products and branded merchandise brands of Superior Group of Companies. We provide unique custom branding, design, sourcing, and marketing solutions to some of the world?€?s most successful brands. The Office Gurus ?? is a global provider of custom call and contact center support. As a true strategic partner, The Office Gurus implements customized solutions for our customers in order to accelerate their growth and improve our customers?€? service experiences. SGC?€?s commitment to service, technology, quality and value-added benefits, as well as our financial strength and resources, provides unparalleled support for our customers?€? diverse needs while embracing a ?€?Customer 1st, Every Time!?€? philosophy and culture in all of our business segments.
Seattle Genetics, Inc. is a global biotechnology company that discovers, develops and commercializes transformative medicines targeting cancer to make a meaningful difference in people?€?s lives. The company is headquartered in the Seattle, Washington area, with locations in California, Switzerland and the European Union.
The SMART lines of business are leading designers and manufacturers of electronic products focused on memory, computing and storage technology areas. SMART specializes in application specific product development and support for customers in enterprise, government and OEM sales channels. Customers rely on SMART as a strategic supplier with top tier customer service, product quality, and technical support with engineering, sales, manufacturing, supply chain and logistics capabilities worldwide. SMART targets customers in markets such as communications, storage, networking, mobile, industrial automation, industrial internet of things, government, military, edge computing and high performance computing. SMART operates in three primary product areas: Specialty Memory products, Brazil products and Specialty Compute and Storage Solutions.
Sigma Labs Inc. is a leading provider of quality assurance software to the commercial 3D metal printing industry under the PrintRite3D?? brand. Sigma specializes in the development and commercialization of real-time monitoring solutions known as PrintRite3D?? for 3D metal advanced manufacturing technologies. PrintRite3D detects and classifies defects and anomalies real-time during the manufacturing process and informs the production manager of quality issues. Sigma Labs believes its software product will be a major catalyst for the acceleration and adoption of 3D metal printing.

Headquartered in Elk Grove Village, Illinois, SigmaTron International, Inc. is an electronic manufacturing services company that provides printed circuit board assemblies and completely assembled electronic products. SigmaTron International, Inc. operates manufacturing facilities in Elk Grove Village, Illinois; Acuna, Chihuahua, and Tijuana Mexico; Union City, California; Suzhou, China, and Bi??n H??a City, Vietnam. SigmaTron International, Inc. maintains engineering and materials sourcing offices in Elgin, Illinois and Taipei, Taiwan.
Sangamo Therapeutics is committed to translating ground-breaking science into genomic medicines with the potential to transform patients?€? lives using gene therapy, ex vivo gene-edited cell therapy, and in vivo genome editing and genome regulation.
Scientific Games Corporation is a world leader in entertainment offering dynamic games, systems and services for casino, lottery, social gaming, online gaming and sports betting. Scientific Games offers the gaming industry's broadest and most integrated portfolio of game content, advanced systems, cutting-edge platforms and professional services. Committed to responsible gaming, Scientific Games delivers what customers and players value most: trusted security, engaging entertainment content, operating efficiencies and innovative technology.
SGOCO Group, Ltd. (SGOCO) is a holding company. The Company designs and distributes liquid crystal display (LCD) consumer products, including LCD personal computer (PC) monitors, LCD televisions (TVs), light emitting diode (LED) back-light modules and application-specific LCD systems. As of December 31, 2011, SGOCO's primary business operations were conducted through SGOCO International (HK) Limited (SGOCO International) and its wholly owned subsidiary, SGOCO (Fujian) Electronic Co., Ltd. (SGOCO (Fujian)). The Company's brands include SGOCO, POVIZON, No. 10, TCL and Founder. On March 14, 2011, SGOCO International purchased 100% interest of SGO Corporation (SGO). On November 15, 2011, the Company sold Honesty Group Holdings Limited. On December 26, 2011, SGOCO International established a wholly owned subsidiary Beijing SGOCO Image Technology Co. Ltd. On July 28, 2011, SGOCO International established SGOCO (Fujian).
iShares 03 Month Treasury Bond
SPAR Group, Inc. is a diversified international merchandising and marketing services Company and provides a broad array of services worldwide to help companies improve their sales, operating efficiency and profits at retail locations. The Company provides merchandising and other marketing services to manufacturers, distributors and retailers worldwide and coordinates the operations through the use of multi-lingual proprietary technology which drives the logistics, communication and reporting for global operations and customers. SPAR works primarily in mass merchandiser, office supply, value, grocery, drug, independent, convenience, home improvement and electronics stores; as well as providing furniture and other product assembly services, audit services, in-store events, technology services and marketing research. The Company has supplied projects and product services in the United States since certain of its predecessors were formed in 1979 and internationally since the Company acquired its first international subsidiary in Japan, in May of 2001. Product services include restocking and adding new products, removing spoiled or outdated products, resetting categories "on the shelf" in accordance with client or store schematics, confirming and replacing shelf tags, setting new sale or promotional product displays and advertising, replenishing kiosks, providing in-store event staffing and providing assembly services in stores, homes and offices. Audit services include price audits, point of sale audits, out of stock audits, intercept surveys and planogram audits. Other merchandising services include whole store or departmental product sets or resets (including new store openings), new product launches, in-store demonstrations, special seasonal or promotional merchandising, focused product support and product recalls. The Company currently does business in ten countries that encompass approximately 50% of the total world population through its operations in the United States, Canada, Japan, South Africa, India, China, Australia, Mexico, Brazil and Turkey.
Headquartered in Brentwood, Tennessee, Surgery Partners is a leading healthcare services company with a differentiated outpatient delivery model focused on providing high quality, cost effective solutions for surgical and related ancillary care in support of both patients and physicians. Founded in 2004, Surgery Partners is one of the largest and fastest growing surgical services businesses in the country, with more than 180 locations in 30 states, including ambulatory surgery centers, surgical hospitals, multi-specialty physician practices and urgent care facilities.
Star Gas Partners, L.P. (Star Gas Partners) is a home heating oil and propane distributor and services provider that principally provides services to residential and commercial customers to heat their homes and buildings. As of September 30, 2011, Star Gas Partners sold home heating oil and propane to approximately 407,000 full service residential and commercial customers. It also sells home heating oil, gasoline and diesel fuel to approximately 39,000 customers on a delivery only basis. The Company installs, maintains, and repairs heating and air conditioning equipment for the customers and provide ancillary home services, including home security and plumbing, to approximately 11,500 customers. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2011 (fiscal 2011), the Company completed four acquisitions and added approximately 8,800 home heating oil and propane.
Shake Shack is a modern day ?€?roadside?€? burger stand known for its 100% all-natural Angus beef burgers, chicken sandwiches and flat-top Vienna beef dogs (no hormones or antibiotics - ever), spun-fresh frozen custard, crinkle cut fries, craft beer and wine and more. With its fresh, simple, high-quality food at a great value, Shake Shack is a fun and lively community gathering place with widespread appeal. Shake Shack?€?s mission is to Stand for Something Good??, from its premium ingredients and caring hiring practices to its inspiring designs and deep community investment. Since the original Shack opened in 2004 in NYC?€?s Madison Square Park, the company has expanded to more than 280 locations in 30 U.S. States and the District of Columbia, including more than 95 international locations including London, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Singapore, Philippines, Mexico, Istanbul, Dubai, Tokyo, Moscow, Seoul and more. Skip the line with the Shack App, a mobile ordering app that lets you save time by ordering ahead! Guests can select their location, pick their food, choose a pickup time and their meal will be cooked-to-order and timed to arrival. Available on iOS and Android.
Shore Bancshares, Inc. is a financial holding company. The Company's primary business is acting as the parent company to several financial institution and insurance entities. The Company engages in the banking business through The Centreville National Bank (CNB), with commercial banking powers, and The Talbot Bank of Easton (Talbot Bank). The Company engages in the insurance business through two general insurance producer firms, The Avon-Dixon Agency, LLC and Elliott Wilson Insurance, LLC; one marine insurance producer firm, Jack Martin & Associates, Inc.; three wholesale insurance firms, Tri-State General Insurance Agency, LTD, Tri-State General Insurance Agency of New Jersey, Inc., and Tri-State General Insurance Agency of Virginia, Inc.; and two insurance premium finance companies, Mubell Finance, LLC and ESFS, Inc. The Company operates in two business segments: community banking, and insurance products and services. On January 1, 2011, The Felton Bank (Felton Bank) merged into CNB.
Sotera Health Company
Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (Shentel) provides a broad range of diversified communications services through its high speed, state-of-the-art wireless, cable, fiber optic and fixed wireless networks to customers in the Mid-Atlantic United States. The Company?€?s services include: wireless voice and data; broadband internet, video, and digital voice; fiber optic Ethernet, wavelength and leasing; telephone voice and digital subscriber line; and tower colocation leasing. Shentel is the exclusive personal communications service (?€?PCS?€?) Affiliate of Sprint in a multi-state area covering large portions of central and western Virginia, south-central Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and portions of Maryland, Kentucky, and Ohio.
Shinhan Financial Group Co., Ltd. provides various financial products and services to corporations, institutional investors, governments, and individuals in South Korea and internationally. The company??s retail banking services include mortgage and home equity, and retail lending products; demand, savings, and fixed deposit-taking; checking accounts, and electronic banking and ATM services; and bill paying, payroll and check-cashing, currency exchange, and wire fund transfer services. It also provides corporate banking services, such as working capital and facilities loans, and treasury. In addition, the company offers investment banking services, such as equity investments/venture investments; mergers and acquisitions consulting; securitization and derivatives; foreign exchange trading; real estate, overseas real estate project, large development project, infrastructure, structured, and shipbuilding financing; bond issuances; underwriting; and issuance of asset-backed commercial paper services. Further, it offers treasury and investment services, including foreign currency-denominated securities trading, foreign exchange trading and services, trade-related financial services, international factoring services, foreign banking operations, internal asset and liability management, investment portfolio management, and other related activities. Additionally, the company provides trust account management, credit card, securities brokerage, life insurance, and asset management services, as well as leasing and equipment financing, regional and savings banking, loan collection and credit reporting, collective investment administration, private equity investment advisory, and financial system development services. As of December 31, 2013, it operated a network of 943 service centers, 168 cash dispensers, and 7,559 ATMs. Shinhan Financial Group Co., Ltd. was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.
Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical Company Limited is a company primarily engaged in petroleum and petrochemical industries. The Company mainly operates in five segments: synthetic fibers, resins and plastics, intermediate petrochemical products, petroleum products and petrochemical products trading. The synthetic fibers segment mainly produces polyester and acrylic fibers, which are used in textile and clothing industries. The resins and plastics segment produces polyester chips, high-pressure polyethylene resins and films, polypropylene resins and polyvinyl alcohol particles. The intermediate petrochemical products segment produces ethylene and benzene. The petroleum products segment produces vacuum gas oil and diesel for its downstream processing equipment, utilizing its crude oil distillation equipment. The petrochemical products trading segment imports and exports petrochemicals. The Others segment consists of the sale of consumer products and service, and other commercial activities.
Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp. is the only pure-play Capesize ship-owner publicly listed in the US. Seanergy provides marine dry bulk transportation services through a fleet of 11 Capesize vessels with an average age of about 12 years and aggregate cargo carrying capacity of approximately 1,926,117 dwt. The Company is incorporated in the Marshall Islands and has executive offices in Athens, Greece. The Company's common shares trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol "SHIP", its Class A warrants under "SHIPW" and its Class B warrants under ?€?SHIPZ?€?.

Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp Warrants Class B 09052022
Sears Holdings Corporation (Holdings) is a retailer with 2,172 full-line and 1,338 specialty retail stores in the United States operating through Kmart Holding Corporation (Kmart) and Sears, Roebuck and Co. (Sears) and 500 full-line and specialty retail stores in Canada operating through Sears Canada Inc. (Sears Canada), a 95%-owned subsidiary. The Company operates in three segments: Kmart, Sears Domestic and Sears Canada. As on January 28, 2012, it had 38 domestic supply chain distribution centers, of which 12 were owned and 26 were leased for terms ranging from 3 to 5 years. Of the total, 11 primarily support Kmart stores, 23 primarily support Sears stores and four support both Sears and Kmart stores. On December 31, 2011, the Company completed the spin-off of its interest in Orchard Supply Hardware Stores Corporation. In April 2012, it sold eleven Sears full line store locations to General Growth Properties. In April 2012, it added MetaScale as a wholly owned subsidiary.
For 100 years, Shell Pipeline Company LP has helped meet America?€?s energy needs. SPLC transports more than 1.5 billion barrels of crude oil and refined products annually through thousands of miles of pipelines located in five states. As a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shell Oil Products US, a unit of Shell Oil Company, SPLC is part of one of the world?€?s leading energy companies, which has been a prominent participant in America?€?s energy industry for a century. SPLC operates an integrated network of trunk lines, interconnects and terminals safely, efficiently and dependably ?€? key factors in keeping the commodities SPLC carries more affordable for the people who count on them.
Sunstone Hotel Investors, Inc. is a lodging real estate investment trust ("REIT") that as of the date of this release has interests in 19 hotels comprised of 9,997 rooms. Sunstone's business is to acquire, own, asset manage and renovate or reposition hotels considered to be Long-Term Relevant Real Estate??, the majority of which are operated under nationally recognized brands, such as Marriott, Hilton and Hyatt.
Sunstone Hotel Investors Inc. 6.950% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Sunstone Hotel Investors Inc. 6.450% Series F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Steven Madden, Ltd. designs, sources, markets and sells name brand and private label footwear for women, men and children and name brand and private label fashion handbags and accessories. The Company's products are marketed through its retail stores and its e-commerce Websites, as well as department stores, major department stores, mid-tier department stores, specialty stores, luxury retailers, value priced retailers, national chains, mass merchants and catalog retailers throughout the United States and Canada. In addition, the Company has special distribution arrangements for the marketing of its products in Asia, Europe, the Middle East, Mexico, Australia, South Africa, South America and India. The Company operates in five segments: Wholesale Footwear, Wholesale Accessories, Retail, First Cost and Licensing.
Shopify is a leading global commerce company, providing trusted tools to start, grow, market, and manage a retail business of any size. Shopify makes commerce better for everyone with a platform and services that are engineered for reliability, while delivering a better shopping experience for consumers everywhere. Headquartered in Ottawa, Canada, Shopify powers over one million businesses in more than 175 countries and is trusted by brands such as Allbirds, Gymshark, Heinz, Staples and many more.
SharpSpring, Inc. is a rapidly growing, highly-rated global provider of affordable marketing automation delivered via a cloud-based Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Platform. Thousands of businesses around the world rely on SharpSpring to generate leads, improve conversions to sales, and drive higher returns on marketing investments. Known for its innovation, open architecture and free customer support, SharpSpring offers flexible contracts at a fraction of the price of competitors making it an easy choice for growing businesses and digital marketing agencies.
Founded in 1866, The Sherwin-Williams Company is a global leader in the manufacture, development, distribution, and sale of paints, coatings and related products to professional, industrial, commercial, and retail customers. Sherwin-Williams manufactures products under well-known brands such as Sherwin-Williams??, Valspar??, HGTV HOME?? by Sherwin-Williams, Dutch Boy??, Krylon??, Minwax??, Thompson's ?? Water Seal??, Cabot?? and many more. With global headquarters in Cleveland, Ohio, Sherwin- Williams?? branded products are sold exclusively through a chain of more than 4,900 company-operated stores and facilities, while the company's other brands are sold through leading mass merchandisers, home centers, independent paint dealers, hardware stores, automotive retailers, and industrial distributors. The Sherwin-Williams Performance Coatings Group supplies a broad range of highly-engineered solutions for the construction, industrial, packaging and transportation markets in more than 120 countries around the world. Sherwin-Williams shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange.
Spartan Motors, Inc. is the North American leader in specialty vehicle manufacturing and assembly for the commercial and retail vehicle industries (including last-mile delivery, specialty service and vocation-specific upfit segments), as well as for the emergency response and recreational vehicle markets. The Company is organized into three core business segments: Spartan Fleet Vehicles and Services, Spartan Emergency Response and Spartan Specialty Vehicles. Today, its family of brands also include Spartan Authorized Parts, Spartan Factory Service Centers, Utilimaster, Royal Truck Body, Strobes-R-Us, Smeal, Ladder Tower and UST. Spartan Motors and its go-to-market brands are well known in their respective industries for quality, durability, aftermarket product support and first-to-market innovation. The Company employs approximately 2,500 associates, and operates facilities in Michigan, Indiana, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Florida, Missouri, California, Arizona, Texas, Nebraska, South Dakota ; Saltillo, Mexico ; and Lima, Peru. Spartan reported sales of $816 million in 2018.
Silvergate Capital Corp
SI-BONE is a medical device company that pioneered minimally invasive surgery of the SI joint with the iFuse Implant System. Studies have shown that the SI joint can be a source of pain in 15% to 30% of chronic low back pain. The iFuse Implant???, commercially available since 2009, is the only SI joint fusion device supported by multiple prospective clinical studies, including two randomized controlled trials, showing improved pain, patient function and quality of life resulting from treatment. There are over 85 peer-reviewed publications demonstrating the safety, durable effectiveness, and biomechanical and economic benefits unique to the iFuse Implant ( www.si-bone.com/results ). This body of evidence has enabled multiple government and private insurance payors to establish coverage of the SI joint fusion procedure exclusively when performed with the iFuse Implant System. The iFuse Implant System is intended for sacroiliac fusion for conditions including sacroiliac joint dysfunction that is a direct result of sacroiliac joint disruption and degenerative sacroiliitis. This includes conditions whose symptoms began during pregnancy or in the peripartum period and have persisted postpartum for more than 6 months. The iFuse Implant System is also intended for sacroiliac fusion to augment stabilization and immobilization of the sacroiliac joint in skeletally mature patients undergoing sacropelvic fixation as part of a lumbar or thoracolumbar fusion. In addition, the iFuse Implant System is intended for sacroiliac fusion in acute, non-acute, and non-traumatic fractures involving the sacroiliac joint. There are potential risks associated with the iFuse Implant System. It may not be appropriate for all patients and all patients may not benefit.
Select Interior Concepts Inc - Ordinary Shares - Class A
Companhia Sider??rgica Nacional operates as an integrated steel producer primarily in Brazil. It operates through five segments: Steel, Mining, Cement, Logistics, and Energy. The company primarily produces carbon steel and various steel products for automotive, home appliance, packaging, construction, and steel processing industries. Its products include slabs, which are semi-finished products used for processing hot-rolled, cold-rolled or coated coils, and sheet products; hot-rolled products, including heavy and light-gauge hot-rolled coils and sheets; cold-rolled coils and sheets; galvanized products, such as flat-rolled steel coated with zinc or a zinc-based alloy; and tin mill products, which consist of flat-rolled low-carbon steel coils or sheets comprising tin plate, tin free steel, low tin coated steel, and black plate products. The company also owns interests in various mining assets, including the Casa de Pedra mine and the Namisa mines that produce iron ore and are located in Congonhas; TECAR, a solid bulk seaport terminal located in Itagua?? port in the state of Rio de Janeiro; Minera????o Bocaina that produces dolomite and limestone and is located in Arcos in the state of Minas Gerais; and a tin asset located in Ariquemes, in the state of Rond??nia. In addition, it is engaged in logistics business that comprises railway and port facilities; production and sale of cement; and generation of electric power with hydroelectric and thermoelectric sources for industrial consumers. The company offers its products to customers directly through its sales force; and through independent distributors for subsequent resale, as well as exports its products through brokers primarily in Asia, North America, Latin America, and Europe. Companhia Sider??rgica Nacional was founded in 1941 and is headquartered in S??o Paulo, Brazil.
Siebert Financial Corp. is a holding company that conducts its retail brokerage business through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Muriel Siebert & Co., Inc., which became a member of the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") in 1967 when Ms. Siebert became the first woman to own a seat on the NYSE and the first to head one of its member firms. The company conducts its investment advisory business through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Siebert AdvisorNXT, Inc., a registered investment advisor, and its insurance business through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Park Wilshire Companies, Inc., a licensed insurance agency. Siebert conducts operations through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Siebert Technologies, LLC., a developer of robo-advisory technology. Siebert also offers prime brokerage services through its fifth wholly-owned subsidiary, WPS Prime Services, LLC, a broker-dealer registered with the SEC.
Headquartered in Santa Barbara, California, Sientra is a diversified global medical aesthetics company and a leading partner to aesthetic physicians. The Company offers a suite of products designed to make a difference in patients' lives by enhancing their body image, growing their self-esteem, and restoring their confidence. Sientra has developed a broad portfolio of products with technologically differentiated characteristics, supported by independent laboratory testing and strong clinical trial outcomes. The Company?€?s Breast Products Segment includes its OPUS?? breast implants, the first fifth generation breast implants approved by the FDA for sale in the United States, its ground-breaking Allox2?? breast tissue expander with patented dual-port and integral drain technology, and BIOCORNEUM?? the #1 performing, preferred and recommended scar gel of plastic surgeons(*). The Company?€?s miraDry Segment, comprised of its miraDry?? system, is approved for sale in over 56 international markets and is the only non-surgical, FDA-cleared device indicated for the permanent reduction of underarm sweat and hair and may also reduce odor.
SIFCO Industries, Inc. (SIFCO) is engaged in the production and sale of a range of metalworking processes, services and products produced to the specific design requirements of its customers. The processes and services include forging, heat-treating, coating, welding, machining, and selective electrochemical finishing. The products include forged components, machined forged parts and other machined metal components, remanufactured component parts for aerospace turbine engines, and selective electrochemical finishing solutions and equipment. The Company's operations are conducted in three business segments: Aerospace Component Manufacturing Group, Turbine Component Services and Repair Group (Repair Group) and Applied Surface Concepts Group (ASC Group). On October 28, 2011, the Company acquired the forging business and related assets of GEL industries, Inc. In December 2012, it divested its Applied Surface Concepts (ASC) business segment to Norman Hay plc located in the United Kingdom.
Sify Technologies is India?€?s most comprehensive ICT service & solution provider. With Cloud at the core of our solutions portfolio, Sify is focussed on the changing ICT requirements of the emerging Digital economy and the resultant demands from large, mid and small-sized businesses. Sify?€?s infrastructure comprising the largest MPLS network, top-of-the-line DCs, partnership with global technology majors, vast expertise in business transformation solutions modelled on the cloud make it the first choice of start-ups, incoming Enterprises and even large Enterprises on the verge of a revamp, More than 10000 businesses across multiple verticals have taken advantage of our unassailable trinity of Data Centers, Networks and Security services and conduct their business seamlessly from more than 1600 cities in India. Internationally, Sify has presence across North America, the United Kingdom and Singapore. Sify, www.sify.com, Sify Technologies and www.sifytechnologies.com are registered trademarks of Sify Technologies Limited.
Signet Jewelers Limited is the world's largest retailer of diamond jewelry. Signet operates approximately 2,900 stores, primarily under the name brands of Kay Jewelers, Zales, Jared, H.Samuel, Ernest Jones, Peoples, Piercing Pagoda, and JamesAllen.com.
SIGA Technologies, Inc. (SIGA) is a pharmaceutical company specializing in the development and commercialization of pharmaceutical solutions for some of the lethal disease-causing pathogens in the world - smallpox, Ebola, dengue, Lassa fever and other dangerous viruses. Its business is to discover, develop, manufacture and successfully commercialize drugs to prevent and treat these high-priority threats. The Company's focuses to disarm dreaded viral diseases and create robust, modern biodefense countermeasures. The Company's product include ST-246, is an orally administered antiviral drug that targets orthopoxviruses. The Company's lead product, ST-246, is an orally administered antiviral drug that targets orthopoxviruses. On May 13, 2011, it signed the BARDA Contract pursuant to which it agreed to deliver two million courses of ST-246 to the Strategic Stockpile.
Inc. Selective Insurance Group, Inc. is a holding company for ten property and casualty insurance companies rated "A" (Excellent) by A.M. Best. Through independent agents, the insurance companies offer standard and specialty insurance for commercial and personal risks, and flood insurance underwritten by the National Flood Insurance Program. Selective maintains a website at www.Selective.com . SOURCE Selective Insurance Group, Inc. Related Links http://www.selective.com
DELISTED - SMITH INTERNATIONAL INC
Silicom Ltd. is an industry-leading provider of high-performance networking and data infrastructure solutions. Designed primarily to improve performance and efficiency in Cloud and Data Center environments, Silicom's solutions increase throughput, decrease latency and boost the performance of servers and networking appliances, the infrastructure backbone that enables advanced Cloud architectures and leading technologies like NFV, SD-WAN and Cyber Security. Our innovative solutions for high-density networking, high-speed fabric switching, offloading and acceleration, which utilize a range of cutting-edge silicon technologies as well as FPGA-based solutions, are ideal for scaling-up and scaling-out cloud infrastructures. Silicom products are used by major Cloud players, service providers, telcos and OEMs as components of their infrastructure offerings, including both add-on adapters in the Data Center and stand-alone virtualized/universal CPE devices at the edge. Silicom's long-term, trusted relationships with more than 170 customers throughout the world, its more than 400 active Design Wins and more than 300 product SKUs have made Silicom a "go-to" connectivity/performance partner of choice for technology leaders around the globe.
SILKNET SOFTWARE INC
SilverCrest Metals Inc
Grupo Simec SAB de CV (Simec) is a Mexico-based holding company primarily engaged, together with its subsidiaries, in the steel industry. The Company's activities include the manufacture, processing and distribution of special bar quality (SBQ) steel and structural steel products. Its SBQ products are used across a range of engineered end-user applications, such as axles, hubs and crankshafts for automobiles and light trucks, machine tools and off-highway equipment. Its structural steel products are mainly used in the non-residential construction market and other construction applications. As of December 31, 2011, the Company owned such subsidiaries as Procesadora Mexicali SA de CV, Servicios Simec SA de CV, Pacific Steel Inc, Undershaft Investments NV and Operadora de Servicios de la Industria Siderurgica ICH SA de CV, among others. In addition, Industrias CH SAB de CV, through direct and indirect stakes, was the Company's majority shareholder.
We are the global leader in supplying NAND flash controllers for solid state storage devices and the merchant leader in supplying SSD controllers. We have the broadest portfolio of controller technologies and our controllers are widely used in storage products such as SSDs and eMMC+UFS devices, which are found in data centers, PCs, smartphones, and commercial and industrial applications. We have shipped over six billion NAND controllers in the last ten years, more than any other company in the world. We also supply customized high-performance hyperscale data center and industrial SSD solutions. Our customers include most of the NAND flash vendors, storage device module makers and leading OEMs.
SINA Corporation, through its subsidiaries, operates as an online media company in the People??s Republic of China. It operates SINA.com, an online brand advertising portal that provides region-focused format and content, including multimedia news, sporting events news, automobile-related news, business news coverage and personal finance columns, entertainment news and events, technology updates, digital products reviews, luxury goods and services, collectibles, and video products, as well as an interactive platform for fashion-conscious users to share comments and ideas on health, cosmetics, and beauty topics. The company also offers SINA mobile, a mobile portal, which provides news information and entertainment content from SINA.com for mobile users in mobile browser and application format. In addition, it operates Weibo.com that offers self-expression products to enable users to express themselves on Weibo platform; discovery products to help users discover content; notifications, such as games, VIP membership, and mobile apps; advertising and marketing solutions; and tools and APIs, as well as social interest graph recommendation engine. Further, the company offers MVAS, which allow users to receive news and information; download ring tones, mobile games, and pictures; and participate in dating and friendship communities. Additionally, it operates game portal that provides users with downloads and gateway access to online games, information and updates on online and PC games, and value-added application tools. SINA Corporation also provides eReading, a one-stop shop for book reviews; and free email, VIP mail, and corporate email services for enterprise users, as well as operates a Website for bloggers to publish and read original writings. The company was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Shanghai, the People??s Republic of China.
Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd. provides customized shipping agency services primarily in the People??s Republic of China. The company also offers shipping and chartering services, and inland transportation management services, as well as ship and crew management services for dry bulk ships. It has strategic agreements with Qingdao Zhenghe Shipping (Group) Co., Ltd. to jointly explore beneficial business development opportunities; China United Tally Co., Ltd. to develop third-party verification services at ports in China; and China Ocean Shipping Agency to develop shipping agency business in China and internationally. The company was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Flushing, New York.
SINTX Technologies is an OEM ceramics company that develops and commercializes silicon nitride for medical and non-medical applications. The core strength of SINTX Technologies is the manufacturing, research, and development of silicon nitride ceramics for external partners. The Company presently manufactures silicon nitride powders and components in its FDA registered, ISO 9001:2015 certified, ISO 13485:2016 certified, and AS9100D certified manufacturing facility.
Axovant Gene Therapies is a clinical-stage gene therapy company focused on developing a pipeline of innovative product candidates for debilitating neurodegenerative diseases. Our current pipeline of gene therapy candidates target GM1 gangliosidosis, GM2 gangliosidosis (also known as Tay-Sachs disease and Sandhoff disease), and Parkinson?€?s disease. Axovant is focused on accelerating product candidates into and through clinical trials with a team of experts in gene therapy development and through external partnerships with leading gene therapy organizations.
No Description Available
SITE Centers is an owner and manager of open-air shopping centers that provide a highly-compelling shopping experience and merchandise mix for retail partners and consumers. The Company is a self-administered and self-managed REIT operating as a fully integrated real estate company, and is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SITC.
SITE Centers Corp. 6.375% Class A Preferred Shares
SITE Centers Corp. DEPOSITARY SH REPSTG 1/20TH PDF CL K % (United States)
SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc., is the largest and only national wholesale distributor of landscape supplies in the United States and has a growing presence in Canada. Its customers are primarily residential and commercial landscape professionals who specialize in the design, installation and maintenance of lawns, gardens, golf courses and other outdoor spaces. https://www.siteone.com/
SiTime Corp
For more than 35 years, SVB Financial Group and its subsidiaries have helped innovative companies and their investors move bold ideas forward, fast. SVB Financial Group's businesses, including Silicon Valley Bank, offer commercial and private banking, asset management, private wealth management, brokerage and investment services and funds management services to companies in the technology, life science and healthcare, private equity and venture capital, and premium wine industries. Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, SVB Financial Group operates in centers of innovation around the world.
SVB Financial Group 5.25 PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 140th Int Ser A
Six Flags Entertainment Corporation is the world?€?s largest regional theme park company and the largest operator of waterparks in North America, with 26 parks across the United States, Mexico and Canada. For 59 years, Six Flags has entertained millions of families with world-class coasters, themed rides, thrilling waterparks and unique attractions.
"The Fund is an actively managed exchange-traded
fund (""ETF"") that invests, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of its net assets (plus the amount of any borrowings
for investment purposes) in mega capitalization equity securities. 6 Meridian LLC, the Fund's sub-adviser (the ""Sub-Adviser""),
considers mega capitalization companies to be the largest 10% of stocks included in the Russell 3000 Index by market capitalization.
The equity securities in which the Fund invests are mainly common stocks.

??

 In selecting investments for the Fund,
the Sub-Adviser uses a quantitatively-driven strategy designed to emphasize high quality large-capitalization securities. Pursuant
to this strategy, securities are first ranked on a composite of several variables intended to measure profitability, growth, and
ability to service financing obligations. Securities ranking the lowest on this composite measure, as expressed relative to the
distribution of all securities measured, are excluded from the investable universe. Securities exhibiting low momentum, as defined
below, are also excluded. The remaining securities are then ranked separately on measures of multiple investment factors including
beta, momentum, yield, value, and quality. Beta is intended to measure the exposure of a security to broad market risk, and is
defined here as the co-movement of the return of a security with the return of the securities included in the investable universe
scaled by the volatility of the investable universe's returns. For example, a security that has a beta of 1 has the same
market risk as the securities in the investable universe, a security that has a beta less than 1 has less market risk than the
securities in the investable universe, and a security that has a beta greater than 1 has more market risk than the securities
in the investable universe. For purposes of this model, lower values for beta rank more favorably. Momentum refers to the trailing
price appreciation of a security relative to the investable universe measured over the twelve month period preceding the date
of measurement. Yield is measured as the annual dividends or income paid divided by the price of the security. Value is calculated
using ratios of fundamental measures of company size to the market value of that company. For purposes of this model, quality
is measured as gross profitability. The securities that rank highest on a sequential percentile basis for each factor measure
are included in the Fund's portfolio, at weights determined based on the number of factors for which the security ranks
highly. 

??

The Fund is non-diversified and may invest
a greater percentage of its assets in a particular issuer than a diversified fund."
"The Fund is an actively managed exchange-traded
fund (""ETF"") that invests in a portfolio of equity securities while selling call options against market indices or
funds. Under normal circumstances, the Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets (plus the amount of any borrowings for investment
purposes) in equity securities. The equity securities in which the Fund invests are mainly common stocks. The Fund may invest in
equity securities of companies of any capitalization.

??

6 Meridian LLC (the ""Sub-Adviser"")
employs a strategy pairing a portfolio of equity securities with an index call option writing overlay designed to reduce the exposure
of the Fund to broad equity market risk with the goal of providing risk-adjusted returns. Pursuant to this investment strategy,
the Sub-Adviser will sell (or write) call options on broad equity market indices or funds representing the basket of common stocks
representing such indices. Typically, the Sub-Adviser will seek to write options on the full value of the equity portfolio. The
call option writing portion of the strategy attempts to generate income in the form of the premium paid by the buyer of the option,
contributing to the Fund's total return. In exchange for this income, the Fund's total return may be reduced relative
to a portfolio consisting solely of equity securities in rising markets and may be enhanced relative to the same portfolio in flat
or declining markets. In return for the option premium, the Fund gives the purchaser of the call option either the right to buy
the security from the Fund at a specified exercise (or strike) price, or the right to receive a cash payment equal to the difference
between the value of the security and the exercise price if the value is above the exercise price on or before the expiration date
of the option.

??

The Fund will write index call options
on broad-based indices. As the seller of an index call option, the Fund receives a premium from the purchaser. The purchaser of
the index call option has the right to any appreciation in the value of the index over the exercise price upon the exercise of
the call option or the expiration date. If, at expiration, the purchaser exercises the index option sold by the Fund, the Fund
will pay the purchaser the difference between the cash value of the index and the exercise price of the index option. The premium,
the exercise price and the market value of the index determine the gain or loss realized by the Fund as the seller of the index
call option.

??

 In constructing the equity portfolio,
the Sub-Adviser uses quantitatively-driven methods emphasizing high quality large-capitalization securities. Securities are first
ranked on a composite of several variables intended to measure profitability, growth, and ability to service financing obligations.
Securities ranking the lowest on this composite measure, as expressed relative to the distribution of all securities measured,
are excluded from the investable universe. Securities exhibiting low momentum, as defined below, are also excluded. The remaining
securities are then ranked separately on measures of multiple investment factors including beta, momentum, yield, value, and quality.
Beta is intended to measure the exposure of a security to broad market risk, and is defined here as the co-movement of the return
of a security with the return of the securities included in the investable universe scaled by the volatility of the investable
universe's returns. For example, a security that has a beta of 1 has the same market risk as the securities in the investable
universe, a security that has a beta less than 1 has less market risk than the securities in the investable universe, and a security
that has a beta greater than 1 has more market risk than the securities in the investable universe. For purposes of this model,
lower values for beta rank more favorably. Momentum refers to the trailing price appreciation of a security relative to the investable
universe measured over the twelve month period preceding the date of measurement. Yield is measured as the annual dividends or
income paid divided by the price of the security. Value is calculated using ratios of fundamental measures of company size to
the market value of that company. For purposes of this model, quality is measured as gross profitability. The securities that
rank highest on a sequential percentile basis for each factor measure are included in the Fund's portfolio, at weights determined
based on the number of factors for which the security ranks highly. 

??

In addition to selling call options, the
Fund also may hedge its portfolio through the use of inverse ETFs.

??

The Fund is non-diversified and may invest
a greater percentage of its assets in a particular issuer than a diversified fund."
"The Fund is an actively managed exchange-traded
fund (""ETF"") that invests, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of its net assets (plus the amount of any borrowings
for investment purposes) in equity securities. The equity securities in which the Fund invests are mainly common stocks. The Fund
may invest in equity securities of companies of any capitalization. The Fund also may invest in real estate investment trusts (""REITs"").

??

 In selecting investments for the Fund,
6 Meridian LLC (the ""Sub-Adviser"") uses a quantitatively-driven strategy designed to emphasize high quality securities
with a relatively low exposure to broad equity market risk. Pursuant to this strategy, securities are first ranked on a composite
of several variables intended to measure profitability, growth, and ability to service financing obligations. Securities ranking
the lowest on this composite measure, as expressed relative to the distribution of all securities measured, are excluded from
the investable universe. The remaining securities are then ranked according to their beta. Beta is intended to measure the exposure
of a security to broad market risk, and is defined here as the co-movement of the return of a security with the return of the
securities included in the investable universe scaled by the volatility of the investable universe's returns. For example,
a security that has a beta of 1 has the same market risk as the securities in the investable universe, a security that has a beta
less than 1 has less market risk than the securities in the investable universe, and a security that has a beta greater than 1
has more market risk than the securities in the investable universe. The Sub-Adviser's strategy purchases the securities
with the lowest measured beta. The Sub-Adviser believes that, when held over a full market cycle, high quality securities with
lower relative exposure to broad market risk may produce higher risk-adjusted returns than securities of lower quality with higher
relative exposure to broad market risk."
"The Fund is an actively managed exchange-traded
fund (""ETF"") that invests, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of its net assets (plus the amount of any borrowings
for investment purposes) in small-capitalization equity securities. 6 Meridian LLC, the Fund's sub-adviser (the ""Sub-Adviser""),
considers small-capitalization companies to be those with market capitalizations within the range of the market capitalization
of companies included in the S&P SmallCap 600?? Index ($17.3 million to $4.4 billion as of March 31, 2020). Although the
Fund invests primarily in small-capitalization securities, the Fund may invest in equity securities of companies of any capitalization.
The equity securities in which the Fund invests are mainly common stocks. The Fund also may invest in real estate investment trusts
(""REITs""). 

??

 In selecting investments for the Fund,
6 Meridian LLC (the ""Sub-Adviser"") uses a quantitatively-driven strategy designed to emphasize high quality small-capitalization
securities. Pursuant to this strategy, securities are first ranked on a composite of several variables intended to measure profitability,
growth, and ability to service financing obligations. Securities ranking the lowest on this composite measure, as expressed relative
to the distribution of all securities measured, are excluded from the investable universe. The remaining securities are then ranked
separately on measures of multiple investment factors including beta and value. Beta is intended to measure the exposure of a
security to broad market risk, and is defined here as the co-movement of the return of a security with the return of the securities
included in the investable universe scaled by the volatility of the investable universe's returns. For example, a security
that has a beta of 1 has the same market risk as the securities in the investable universe, a security that has a beta less than
1 has less market risk than the securities in the investable universe, and a security that has a beta greater than 1 has more
market risk than the securities in the investable universe. For purposes of this model, lower values for beta rank more favorably.
Value is calculated using ratios of fundamental measures of company size to the market value of that company. The securities that
rank highest on a sequential percentile basis for each factor measure are included in the Fund's portfolio, at weights determined
based on the number of factors for which the security ranks highly."
Founded in 2011, Scienjoy is a leading show live streaming video entertainment social platform in China. With more than 200 million registered users, Scienjoy currently operates three primary online live streaming brands with their respective websites and mobile apps: Showself, Lehai, and Haixiu, each using Scienjoy's own mobile applications. Through this collection of online live streaming brands, Scienjoy has created a vibrant, interactive, and close community. Scienjoy operates a mobile live streaming business through which it provides live streaming entertainment from professional "broadcasters" to end-users, allowing for the operation of live social video communities. Using Scienjoy's mobile applications, users can select broadcasters and enter real time video rooms to interact with them. In addition to real-time interactions, users can also view photos posted by broadcasters on their personal pages, leave comments, and engage in private chats with broadcasters when they are not streaming. In addition, users can also play fun and simple games by using virtual currencies within the video rooms while watching the live streaming of a broadcaster. Safe Harbor Statement Certain statements made in this release are "forward looking statements" within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
South Jersey Industries, Inc. (SJI) is an energy services holding company. It provides a range of energy related products and services primarily through its subsidiaries. The Company's subsidiaries include South Jersey Gas Company (SJG), South Jersey Resources Group, LLC (SJRG), Marina Energy, LLC (Marina), South Jersey Energy Company (SJE), South Jersey Energy Service Plus, LLC (SJESP) and South Jersey Exploration, LLC (SJEX). SJG is a regulated natural gas utility, which distributes natural gas in the seven southernmost counties of New Jersey. SJRG markets wholesale natural gas storage, commodity and transportation in the mid-Atlantic, Appalachian and southern states. Marina develops and operates on-site energy-related projects. In September 2012, South Jersey Energy, a subsidiary of the Company, announced that it has purchased a retail marketing book of Pennsylvania customers from CenterPoint Energy Services of Houston, Texas.
South Jersey Industries Inc. 5.625 NT REDEEM 16092079 USD 25
South Jersey Industries Inc. Corporate Units
Inspired by more than 120 years of business success and five generations of family leadership, The J. M. Smucker Company makes food that people and pets love. The Company's portfolio of 40+ brands, which are found in 90 percent of U.S. homes and countless restaurants, include iconic products consumers have always loved such as Folgers??, Jif?? and Milk-Bone?? plus new favorites like Caf?? Bustelo??, Smucker's?? Uncrustables?? and Rachael Ray ?? Nutrish??. Over the past two decades, the Company has grown rapidly by thoughtfully acquiring leading and emerging brands, while ensuring the business has a positive impact on its 7,000+ employees, the communities it is a part of and the planet.
Shaw Communications Inc. is a leading Canadian connectivity company. The Wireline division consists of Consumer and Business services. Consumer serves residential customers with broadband Internet, Shaw Go WiFi, video and digital phone. Business provides business customers with Internet, data, WiFi, digital phone, and video services. The Wireless division provides wireless voice and LTE data services through an expanding and improving mobile wireless network infrastructure. Shaw is traded on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges and is included in the S&P/TSX 60 Index (Symbol: TSX ?€? SJR.B, SJR.PR.A, SJR.PR.B, NYSE ?€? SJR, and TSXV ?€? SJR.A).
San Juan Basin Royalty Trust (the Trust) is an express trust created by the San Juan Basin Royalty Trust Indenture, between Southland Royalty Company (Southland Royalty) and The Fort Worth National Bank. The Trustee of the Trust is Compass Bank. The function of the Trustee is to collect the net proceeds attributable to the Royalty (Royalty Income), to pay all expenses and charges of the Trust and distribute the remaining available income to the Unit Holders. The Royalty conveyed to the Trust was carved out of Burlington Resources Oil & Gas Company LP's (Burlington) working interests and royalty interests in certain properties situated in the San Juan Basin in northwestern New Mexico.Burlington is the principal operator of the Underlying Properties. A percentage of the Royalty Income is attributable to the production and sale by Burlington of natural gas from the Underlying Properties. The Underlying Properties are primarily gas producing properties.
SJW Group is the second-largest investor-owned pure play water and wastewater utility based on estimated rate base in the United States, providing lifesaving and high-quality water service to nearly 1.5 million people. SJW Group?€?s locally led and operated water utilities ?€? San Jose Water Company in California, Connecticut Water Company in Connecticut, Maine Water Company in Maine and SJWTX Inc. (dba Canyon Lake Water Service Company) in Texas ?€? possess the financial strength, operational expertise and technological innovation to deliver outstanding service to customers, safeguard the environment and provide opportunities to employees. SJW Group remains focused on investing in its operations, remaining actively engaged in its local communities and delivering continued sustainable value to its shareholders.
SK Telecom Co., Ltd. provides wireless telecommunications services in Korea. It offers cellular voice services, including wireless voice transmission and related value-added services; wireless global roaming services; and interconnection services to connect its networks to fixed-line and other wireless networks. The company also provides wireless data transmission services, such as wireless Internet access services, which allow subscribers to access online digital contents and services, as well as to send and receive text and multimedia messages; and wireless entertainment-related contents and services primarily through content-specific portal sites; and wireless finance-related contents and m-commerce services. In addition, it offers broadband Internet and fixed-line telephone services, such as video-on-demand and Internet protocol television services; and local, and domestic and international long-distance fixed-line telephone services to residential and commercial subscribers. Further, the company provides international telecommunications services, such as direct-dial; pre and post paid card calling services; bundled services for corporate customers; voice services using Internet protocol; Web-to-phone services; and data services, as well as mobile in-app advertising and social networking services. Additionally, it offers fixed-line portal services, comprising NATE.com that offers various content and services; and operates NATE-ON, an instant messaging service for NATE users. SK Telecom Co., Ltd. also operates 11th Street, an online shopping mall; and T Store, an online open marketplace for mobile applications, as well as provides telematics service. As of December 31, 2013, the company had 27.4 million wireless subscribers. The company was formerly known as Korea Mobile Telecommunications Co., Ltd. and changed its name to SK Telecom Co., Ltd. in March 1997. SK Telecom Co., Ltd. was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.
Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. is a leading operator of open-air upscale outlet shopping centers that owns, or has an ownership interest in, a portfolio of 38 centers. Tanger's operating properties are located in 20 states and in Canada, totaling approximately 14.1 million square feet, leased to over 2,700 stores operated by more than 500 different brand name companies. The Company has more than 39 years of experience in the outlet industry and is a publicly-traded REIT.
The Skechers Foundation was established to provide families around the world with the necessities and skills to succeed in life. In addition to organizing the Skechers Pier to Pier Friendship Walk, the Skechers Foundation funds tax-exempt, 501(c)(3) nonprofit organizations that provide education and job training, shoes, clothing, fitness and nutrition guidance to communities in need. About Skechers USA, Inc. Based in Manhattan Beach, California, Skechers designs, develops and markets a diverse range of lifestyle and performance footwear, apparel and accessories for men, women and children. Based in Manhattan Beach, California, Skechers designs, develops and markets a diverse range of lifestyle and performance footwear, apparel and accessories for men, women and children. The Company?€?s collections are available in the United States and over 170 countries and territories via department and specialty stores, and direct to consumers through 3,615 Company- and third-party-owned retail stores and e-commerce websites. The Company manages its international business through a network of global distributors, joint venture partners in Asia, Israel and Mexico, and wholly-owned subsidiaries in Canada, Japan, India, Europe and Latin America.
Skyline Champion Corporation was formed on June 1, 2018 as the result of the combination of Skyline Corporation (?€?Skyline?€?) and the operating assets of Champion Enterprises Holdings, LLC (?€?Champion?€?). The combined company employs approximately 6,600 people and is the largest independent, publicly traded, factory-built housing company in North America. With almost 70 years of homebuilding experience and 38 manufacturing facilities throughout the United States and western Canada, Skyline Champion is well positioned with a leading portfolio of manufactured and modular homes, ADUs, park-models and modular buildings for the multi-family, hospitality, senior and workforce housing sectors. In addition to its core home building business, Skyline Champion operates a factory-direct retail business, Titan Factory Direct, with 21 retail locations spanning the southern United States, and Star Fleet Trucking, providing transportation services to the manufactured housing and other industries from several dispatch locations across the United States. Skyline Champion builds homes under some of the most well known brand names in the factory-built housing industry including Skyline Homes, Champion Home Builders, Genesis Homes, Athens Park Models, Dutch Housing, Excel Homes, Homes of Merit, New Era, Redman Homes, Shore Park, Silvercrest, Titan Homes in the U.S., and Moduline and SRI Homes in western Canada. Presentation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to the results provided in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (?€?U.S. GAAP?€?) throughout this press release, Skyline Champion has provided non-GAAP financial measures?€?Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, and Adjusted Earnings Per Share (including dilutive securities, if any)?€?which present operating results on a basis adjusted for certain items. Skyline Champion uses these non-GAAP financial measures for business planning purposes and in measuring its performance relative to that of its competitors. Skyline Champion believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful financial metrics to assess its operating performance from period-to-period by excluding certain items that Skyline Champion believes are not representative of its core business. These non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to replace, and should not be considered superior to, the presentation of Skyline Champion?€?s financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Skyline Champion defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income or loss plus (a) the provision for income taxes, (b) interest expense, net, (c) depreciation and amortization, (d) gain or loss from discontinued operations, (e) foreign currency gains and losses, (f) equity-based compensation awards granted before December 31, 2018, (g) restructuring charges, (h) impairment of assets, and (i) other non-operating costs including those for the acquisition and integration of businesses. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of earnings calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income or loss, net sales, operating income or earnings per share prepared on a U.S. GAAP basis. Skyline Champion believes that Adjusted EBITDA is commonly used by investors to evaluate its performance and that of its competitors. However, Skyline Champion?€?s use of Adjusted EBITDA may vary from that of others in our industry. Adjusted EBITDA is reconciled from the respective measure under U.S. GAAP in the tables below. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales reported in the statement of operations. Adjusted EPS is calculated as net income or loss plus (a) equity-based compensation awards granted before December 31, 2018, (b) restructuring charges, (c) impairment of assets, and (d) other non-operating costs including those for the acquisition and integration of businesses, including the related tax effect, if any, on these items.
SKYLINE MULTIMEDIA ENTERTAINMENT INC
SkyWest, Inc. is the holding company for SkyWest Airlines and SkyWest Leasing, an aircraft leasing company. SkyWest Airlines has a fleet of nearly 500 aircraft connecting passengers to over 250 destinations throughout North America. SkyWest Airlines operates through partnerships with United Airlines, Delta Air Lines, American Airlines and Alaska Airlines carrying more than 43 million passengers in 2019. SOURCE SkyWest, Inc.
Silicon Laboratories Inc. designs and develops analog-intensive, mixed-signal and integrated circuits (ICs) for a broad range of applications. The Company's mixed- signal integrated circuits (ICs) are electronic components that convert real-world analog signals, such as sound and radio waves, into digital signals that electronic products can process. Therefore, mixed-signal ICs are critical components in products addressing a variety of markets, including communications, consumer, industrial and automotive. The Company provides analog-intensive, mixed-signal solutions for use in a variety of electronic products in a range of applications including portable devices, amplitude modulation/frequency modulation ( AM/FM )radios and other consumer electronics, networking equipment, test and measurement equipment, industrial monitoring and control, and customer premises equipment. Effective July 1, 2013, Silicon Laboratories Inc acquired Energy Micro AS.
Schlumberger's Rod Lift Business is a large provider of rod lift products and services in North America (onshore) with brands including Don-Nan, Shores Lift Solutions, KBA Engineering, Platinum Pumpjack Services and RLC Rod Lift Consulting. The Business provides its customers with a full product offering including downhole pumps and accessories, beam pumping units, sucker rods and gas lift products. The Rod Lift Business has significant manufacturing and distribution capacity and has developed differentiated technology offerings, including the proprietary PumpTrak software. The Business has an expansive footprint across all major oil-producing regions in North America (onshore), including the Permian Basin where Don-Nan has operated for almost 60 years.
U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc.??is a global performance materials company and last-mile logistics provider and is a member of the Russell 2000 Index. The Company is a leading producer of commercial silica used in a wide range of industrial applications and in the oil and gas industry. Over its 120-year history,??U.S. Silica??has developed core competencies in mining, processing, logistics and materials science that enable it to produce and cost-effectively deliver over 400 diversified product types to customers across its multiple end markets. U.S. Silica's??wholly owned subsidiaries include??EP Minerals??and SandBox Logistics???. EP Minerals??is an industry leader in the production of products derived from diatomaceous earth, perlite, engineered clays, and non-activated clays. SandBox Logistics?????is a state-of-the-art leader in proppant storage, handling and well-site delivery, dedicated to making proppant logistics cleaner, safer and more efficient. The Company currently operates 23 mines and production facilities. The Company is headquartered in??Katy,??Texas??and has offices in??Reno,??Nevada??and??Chicago,??Illinois.
Select Bancorp, Inc. operates as a bank holding company for Select Bank & Trust Company provides commercial and retail banking products and services primarily in southeastern North Carolina. Its deposit products comprise non-interest-bearing demand deposits, money market and NOW accounts, savings accounts, and time deposits. The company??s loan portfolio comprises 1-to-4 family residential loans; commercial real estate loans; multi-family residential loans; construction loans; home equity lines of credit; commercial and industrial loans; consumer loans; and overdrafts. As of July 28, 2014, it operated 14 branch offices in Burlington, Clinton, Dunn, Elizabeth City, Fayetteville, Gibsonville, Goldsboro, Greenville, Lillington, Lumberton, Raleigh and Washington. The company was formerly known as New Century Bancorp, Inc. and changed its name to Select Bancorp, Inc. in July 2014. Select Bancorp, Inc. was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Dunn, North Carolina.
Solid Biosciences Inc - Ordinary Shares
Sun Life is a leading international financial services organization providing insurance, wealth and asset management solutions to individual and corporate Clients. Sun Life has operations in a number of markets worldwide, including Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Japan, Indonesia, India, China, Australia, Singapore, Vietnam, Malaysia and Bermuda. As of September 30, 2020, Sun Life had total assets under management of C$1,186 billion.
SL Green Realty Corp., an S&P 500 company and Manhattan's largest office landlord, is a fully integrated real estate investment trust, or REIT, that is focused primarily on acquiring, managing and maximizing value of Manhattan commercial properties. As of September 30, 2020, SL Green held interests in 93 buildings totaling 40.6 million square feet. This included ownership interests in 29.2 million square feet of Manhattan buildings and 10.3 million square feet securing debt and preferred equity investments.
SL Green Realty Corporation Preferred Series I
Super League Gaming, Inc. (SLGG) is a leading esports community and content platform for competitive, everyday gamers, fans and friends of all ages and skill levels. With a focus on positive and inclusive gameplay, Super League enables players to experience their sport like the pros while also developing sportsmanship, communication and team-building skills. Powered by a proprietary technology platform, Super League operates physical and digital experiences in partnership with publishers of top-tier games. Local movie theatres, PC cafes, restaurant and entertainment venues are transformed into esports arenas where gamers compete, socialize, spectate and celebrate the amateur esports lifestyle. Super League?€?s platform offers unique amateur esports experiences that not only ratchet up the competition for avid gamers, but also attract audiences with elite amateur broadcasts that transform physical venues as well as fuel SuperLeagueTV?€?s Twitch and YouTube channels.
Sol-Gel Technologies Ltd - Ordinary Shares
Silgan Holdings Inc is a manufacturer of rigid packaging for shelf-stable food and other consumer goods products. It operates three businesses: metal container business, closures business and plastic container business. The Company's products include steel and aluminum containers for human and pet food and general line products; metal, composite and plastic vacuum closures for food and beverage products and plastic closures for the dairy and juice markets, and custom designed plastic containers, tubes and closures for personal care, food, health care, pharmaceutical, household and industrial chemical, pet care, agricultural chemical, automotive and marine chemical products. The Company's products are used for a variety of end markets and it operates 81 manufacturing plants in North America, Europe, Asia and South America. In August 2012, it acquired the plastic food container operations of Rexam PLC. Effective October 22, 2013, Silgan Holdings Inc acquired Portola Packaging Inc.
SLM Corporation (Sallie Mae) is a holding company. It operates in three business segments: Consumer Lending, Business Services and FFELP Loans. The fourth segment includes Other. The Company's primary business is to originate, service and collect loans it makes to students and their families to finance the cost of their education. It uses Private Education Loans to mean education loans to students or their families that are non-federal loans and loans not insured or guaranteed under the previously existing Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP). It also provides servicing, loan default aversion and defaulted loan collection services for loans owned by other institutions, including the United States Department of Education (ED), as well as processing capabilities to educational institutions and 529 college-savings plan programs. On May 7, 2013, Higher One Holdings, Inc. acquired Sallie Mae's Campus Solutions business.
No Description Available
Silence Therapeutics Plc
Soleno is focused on the development and commercialization of novel therapeutics for the treatment of rare diseases. The company?€?s lead candidate, Diazoxide Choline Controlled-Release (DCCR) tablets, a once-daily oral tablet for the treatment of Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS), is currently being evaluated in a Phase III clinical development program. For more information, please visit www.soleno.life.
Simulations Plus, Inc., is a leading provider of modeling and simulation software and consulting services supporting drug discovery, development research, and regulatory submissions. With our subsidiaries, Cognigen, DILIsym Services, and Lixoft, we offer solutions which bridge machine learning, physiologically based pharmacokinetics, quantitative systems pharmacology/toxicology, and population PK/PD modeling approaches. Our technology is licensed and applied by major pharmaceutical, biotechnology, chemical, consumer goods companies and regulatory agencies worldwide.
SelectQuote Inc
Solar Capital Ltd.
Flex Pharma, Inc. is a biotechnology company that was founded in 2014 by National Academy of Science members Rod MacKinnon, M.D. (2003 Nobel Laureate) and Bruce Bean, Ph.D., recognized leaders in the fields of ion channels and neurobiology. Additional Information and Where to Find It. This communication may be deemed to be solicitation material in respect of the proposed transaction. In connection with the proposed transaction, Flex Pharma filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) a registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-229666) containing a proxy statement / prospectus / information statement, which took effect on April 29, 2019. On April 30, 2019, Flex Pharma filed a definitive proxy statement / prospectus / information statement with the SEC. On or around May 3, 2019, Flex Pharma began mailing the definitive proxy statement / prospectus / information statement to Flex Pharma stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 17, 2019. FLEX PHARMA URGES INVESTORS AND EQUITYHOLDERS OF FLEX PHARMA AND SALARIUS TO READ THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT / PROSPECTUS / INFORMATION STATEMENT REGARDING THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION, AS WELL AS OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED OR THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC, BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT FLEX PHARMA, SALARIUS AND THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. This communication is not a substitute for the registration statement, definitive proxy statement / prospectus / information statement or any other documents that Flex Pharma has filed or may file with the SEC or send to Flex Pharma or Salarius equityholders in connection with the proposed transaction.
SELLAS is a late-stage clinical biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel cancer immunotherapeutics for a broad range of cancer indications. SELLAS?€? lead product candidate, GPS, is licensed from Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and targets the WT1 protein, which is present in an array of tumor types. GPS has potential as a monotherapy or in combination to address a broad spectrum of hematologic malignancies and solid tumor indications. SELLAS?€? second product candidate, NPS, is a HER2-directed cancer immunotherapy with potential for the treatment of patients with early stage breast cancer with low to intermediate HER2 expression, otherwise known as HER2 1+ or 2+, which includes triple negative breast cancer patients, following standard of care.
SM Energy Company (SM Energy) is an independent energy company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids (referred to as oil, gas, and NGLs) in onshore North America. The Company's operations are focused on five operating areas in the onshore United States. In December 2011, the Company closed on its acquisition and development agreement with Mitsui E&P Texas LP (Mitsui), an indirect subsidiary of Mitsui & Co. Ltd., which transferred 12.5% of its working interest in certain non-operated oil and gas assets in South Texas. In August 2011, the Company sold approximately 15,400 net operated acres in LaSalle and Dimmit Counties, Texas to Talisman Energy USA Inc. and Statoil Texas Onshore Properties LLC (collectively, Talisman/Statoil). In June 2011, the Company completed the divestiture of certain assets located in its Mid-Continent region.

Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company of Southern Bank (the Bank). The principal business of the Bank consists primarily of attracting retail deposits from the general public and using such deposits along with wholesale funding from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines (FHLB), and to a lesser extent, brokered deposits, to invest in one- to four-family residential mortgage loans, mortgage loans secured by commercial real estate, commercial non-mortgage business loans and consumer loans. These funds are also used to purchase mortgage-backed and related securities (MBS), the United States Government Agency obligations and other permissible investments. In October 2013, Southern Missouri Bancorp Inc announced the acquisition of Ozarks Legacy Community Financial (Ozarks Legacy), Thayer, Missouri, and its subsidiary, the Bank of Thayer.
Inc. SmartFinancial,??Inc., based in Knoxville, Tennessee, is the publicly-traded bank holding company for SmartBank. SmartBank is a full-service commercial bank founded in 2007 with 36 branches spanning East and Middle Tennessee, Alabama and the Florida Panhandle. Recruiting the best people, delivering exceptional client service, strategic branching, and a disciplined approach to lending have all contributed to the company?€?s success.
Supermicro (SMCI), the leading innovator in high-performance, high-efficiency server and storage technology, is a premier provider of advanced server Building Block Solutions?? for Enterprise Data Center, Cloud Computing, Artificial Intelligence, and Edge Computing Systems worldwide. Supermicro is committed to protecting the environment through its ?€?We Keep IT Green???€? initiative and provides customers with the most energy-efficient, environmentally-friendly solutions available on the market. Supermicro, Building Block Solutions and We Keep IT Green are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Super Micro Computer, Inc. SMCI-F

Headquartered in Houston, Texas, Sharps Compliance is a leading full-service national provider of comprehensive waste management services including medical, pharmaceutical and hazardous. Its key markets include healthcare facilities, pharmaceutical manufacturers, home healthcare providers, assisted living/long-term care, surgery centers, retail pharmacies and clinics, and the professional market which is comprised of physicians, dentists and veterinary practices. The Company's flagship product, the Sharps Recovery System, is a comprehensive solution for the containment, transportation, treatment and tracking of medical waste and other used healthcare materials. The Company also offers its route-based pick-up service in a thirty-two (32) state region of the South, Southeast, Midwest and Northeast portions of the United States. Sharps also provides two simple solutions for safe and easy disposal of unused medications: MedSafe collection receptacles and TakeAway Medication Recovery System Envelopes.
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides various banking and financial products and services in Japan, the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and Oceania. It operates in four segments: Commercial Banking, Leasing, Securities, and Consumer Finance. The Commercial Banking segment offers various financial services, including personal bank accounts, investment trusts, pension-type insurance products, life insurance products, and housing loans to individuals; and lending, cash management, settlement, leasing, factoring, management information systems consulting, collection, and investment banking services to mid-sized companies, and small- and medium-sized enterprises. It also provides various financial services, such as loans, deposits, and settlement services, as well as loan syndication, structured finance, commitment lines, and non-recourse loans to large corporations and listed companies; international banking services comprising loans, deposits, clearing services, trade finance, project finance, loan syndication, and global cash management services; and services related to money, foreign exchange, securities, and derivatives markets. The Leasing segment provides various leasing services, including equipment, operating, leveraged, and aircraft operating leases. The Securities segment offers financial products, investment consultation, and administration services to individual and corporate customers; and trading capabilities, debt and equity underwriting, and M&A advisory services for corporate customers. The Consumer Finance segment provides various credit cards and its related settlement and financing services; installment, such as shopping credit and automobile loan; collection and factoring services; and consumer loans that consist of unsecured loans to individuals and loan guarantee. Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc. is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
The mission of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Foundation is to inspire, connect and cultivate a community of purpose. The Foundation is deeply rooted in helping create healthier communities, empower the next generation, and preserve our planet. The Foundation is a 501(c)(3) organization that funds non-profit entities that support its core initiatives in the form of grants, endowments and multi-year capital gifts.

Smith-Midland Corporation produces pre-cast concrete products including sound walls, highway barriers, utility buildings and architectural facades.
Schmitt Industries, Inc., founded in 1987, designs, manufactures and sells high precision test and measurement products, solutions and services through its Acuity?? and Xact?? product lines. Acuity provides laser and white light sensor distance measurement and dimensional sizing products, and our Xact line provides ultrasonic-based remote tank monitoring products and related monitoring revenues for markets in the Internet of Things environment. The Company also owns and operates Ample Hills Creamery, a beloved ice cream manufacturer and retailer based in Brooklyn, NY.
SMLP is a value-driven limited partnership focused on developing, owning and operating midstream energy infrastructure assets that are strategically located in unconventional resource basins, primarily shale formations, in the continental United States. SMLP provides natural gas, crude oil and produced water gathering services pursuant to primarily long-term and fee-based gathering and processing agreements with customers and counterparties in six unconventional resource basins: (i) the Appalachian Basin, which includes the Utica and Marcellus shale formations in Ohio and West Virginia ; (ii) the Williston Basin, which includes the Bakken and Three Forks shale formations in North Dakota ; (iii) the Denver-Julesburg Basin, which includes the Niobrara and Codell shale formations in Colorado and Wyoming ; (iv) the Permian Basin, which includes the Bone Spring and Wolfcamp formations in New Mexico ; (v) the Fort Worth Basin, which includes the Barnett Shale formation in Texas ; and (vi) the Piceance Basin, which includes the Mesaverde formation as well as the Mancos and Niobrara shale formations in Colorado. SMLP has an equity investment in Double E Pipeline, LLC, which is developing natural gas transmission infrastructure that will provide transportation service from multiple receipt points in the Delaware Basin to various delivery points in and around the Waha Hub in Texas. SMLP also has an equity investment in Ohio Gathering, which operates extensive natural gas gathering and condensate stabilization infrastructure in the Utica Shale in Ohio. SMLP is headquartered in Houston, Texas.
Summa Metals Corp
South Mountain Merger Corp Units 1 Ord Share Class A & 12 War
South Mountain Merger Corp Warrants 20062024
Summit Financial Group, Inc. (Summit) is a financial holding company. The Company provides community banking services in the Eastern Panhandle and South Central regions of West Virginia and the Northern region of Virginia. It provides these services through its community bank subsidiary, Summit Community Bank (the Bank). It also operates Summit Insurance Services, LLC in Moorefield, West Virginia and Leesburg, Virginia. It provides a range of community banking services, including demand, savings and time deposits; commercial, real estate and consumer loans; letters of credit, and cash management services. The deposits of Summit Community are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). As of December 31, 2012, the Company's community bank, Summit Community Bank, has a total of 15 banking offices located in West Virginia and Virginia.
No Description Available
Standard Motor Products, Inc. (Standard Motor Products) is an independent manufacturer and distributor of replacement parts for motor vehicles in the automotive aftermarket industry, with a focus on the original equipment service market. The Company operates in two segments: Engine Management Segment, which manufactures ignition and emission parts, ignition wires, battery cables and fuel system parts, and Temperature Control Segment that manufactures and remanufactures air conditioning compressors, air conditioning and heating parts, engine cooling system parts, power window accessories, and windshield washer system parts. In April 2011, the Company acquired the Engine Controls business of BLD Products, Ltd. In October 2011, the Company acquired Forecast Trading Corporation. The Company sells its products primarily to warehouse distributors, retail chains, original equipment manufacturers and original equipment service part operations in the United States, Canada and Latin America.
Simplicity Bancorp Inc., formerly K-Fed Bancorp, is a federally-chartered stock holding company. K-Fed Bancorp is a wholly owned subsidiary of K-Fed Mutual Holding Company (the MHC), a federally-chartered mutual holding company. K-Fed Bancorp operates through its subsidiary, Kaiser Federal Bank (the Bank), a federally chartered stock savings bank, which provides retail and commercial banking services to individuals and business customers from its nine branch and financial service center locations throughout California. The Bank is a community-oriented financial institution offering a variety of financial services. The Bank's principal business activity consists of attracting retail deposits from the general public and originating primarily loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied one-to-four family residences and multi-family residences located in its market area and, to a lesser extent, automobile and other consumer loans.
Smith Micro develops software to simplify and enhance the mobile experience, providing solutions to some of the leading wireless service providers and cable MSOs around the world. From enabling the family digital lifestyle to providing powerful voice messaging capabilities, our solutions enrich today?€?s connected lifestyles while creating new opportunities to engage consumers via smartphones and consumer IoT devices. The Smith Micro portfolio also includes a wide range of products for creating, sharing and monetizing rich content, such as visual voice messaging, optimizing retail content display and performing analytics on any product set.
Semtech Corporation is a leading supplier of high performance analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and advanced algorithms for infrastructure, high-end consumer and industrial equipment. Products are designed to benefit the engineering community as well as the global community. The Company is dedicated to reducing the impact it, and its products, have on the environment. Internal green programs seek to reduce waste through material and manufacturing control, use of green technology and designing for resource reduction. Publicly traded since 1967, Semtech is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol SMTC.
With a focus on improving patient outcomes through evidence-based healing solutions and services, Sanara MedTech Inc. markets and distributes wound and skin care products to physicians, hospitals, clinics, and all post-acute care settings. We are constantly seeking long-term strategic partnerships with a focus on products that produce efficacious outcomes at a lower overall cost. Our products are primarily sold in the North American advanced wound care and surgical tissue repair markets. Sanara MedTech markets and distributes CellerateRX?? Surgical Activated Collagen?? to the surgical markets as well as the following products to the wound care market: BIAK??S??? Antimicrobial Skin and Wound Cleanser, BIAK??S??? Antimicrobial Wound Gel, HYCOL??? Hydrolyzed Collagen, and PULSAR II??? Advanced Wound Irrigation??? (AWI). In addition, Sanara is actively seeking to expand within its six focus areas of wound and skin care for the acute, post-acute, and surgical markets. The focus areas are debridement, biofilm removal, hydrolyzed collagen, advanced biologics, negative pressure wound therapy adjunct products, and the oxygen delivery system segment of the healthcare industry.
SOMANETICS CORP
SMTC Corporation (SMTC) is a provider of electronics manufacturing services (EMS), including product design and sustaining engineering services, printed circuit board assembly (PCBA), production, enclosure fabrication, systems integration and testing services, configuration to order and end customer fulfillment. SMTC offers two vertically integrated manufacturing streams: PCBA Products and Larger-scale Systems. It provides a range of manufacturing services, from assembly, test, integration and box-build through to system level test, configure-to-order, and end-customer order fulfillment. The manufacturing services provided by the Company includes PCBA assembly services, system-level integration, box-build and test, enclosures and precision metal fabrication, custom interconnect, engineering services, global procurement and supply chain network, and management methods and tools. In December 2012, it acquired the manufacturing assets of Seksun Array Electronics (Suzhou) Co. Ltd.
Snap-on Incorporated is a leading global innovator, manufacturer and marketer of tools, equipment, diagnostics, repair information and systems solutions for professional users performing critical tasks. Products and services include hand and power tools, tool storage, diagnostics software, information and management systems, shop equipment and other solutions for vehicle dealerships and repair centers, as well as for customers in industries, including aviation and aerospace, agriculture, construction, government and military, mining, natural resources, power generation and technical education. Snap-on also derives income from various financing programs to facilitate the sales of its products and support its franchise business. Products and services are sold through the company?€?s franchisee, company-direct, distributor and internet channels. Founded in 1920, Snap-on is a $3.7 billion, S&P 500 company headquartered in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
Snap Inc. is a camera company. We believe that reinventing the camera represents our greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. We contribute to human progress by empowering people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together.
Sinobiopharma Inc
Individuality is core to Sleep Number. Our purpose driven company is comprised of more than 4,300 passionate team members who are dedicated to our mission of improving lives by individualizing sleep experiences. Our 360 ?? smart beds provide each sleeper with adjustable, personalized comfort for proven quality sleep. We have improved nearly 13 million lives as we strive to improve society?€?s wellbeing through higher quality sleep. Sleep science and data are the foundation of our innovations. Our award-winning 360 ?? smart beds benefit from our proprietary SleepIQ ?? technology - learning from nearly 8 billion hours of highly accurate sleep data - to provide effortless comfort and individualized sleep health insights, including your daily SleepIQ ?? score. For life-changing sleep, visit SleepNumber.com or one of our 600 Sleep Number ?? stores. More information is available on our newsroom and investor relations sites.
Seneca Biopharma, Inc., is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel treatments for diseases of high unmet medical need. The Company is in the process of transforming the organization through the acquisition or in-licensing of new science and technologies, to develop with the goal of providing meaningful therapies for patients.
Synchronoss transforms the way companies create new revenue, reduce costs and delight their subscribers with cloud, messaging, digital and IoT products, supporting hundreds of millions of subscribers across the globe. Synchronoss?€? secure, scalable and groundbreaking new technologies, trusted partnerships, and talented people change the way TMT customers grow their businesses.
We are a fully integrated frac sand supply and services company, offering complete mine to wellsite proppant logistics, storage and management solutions to our customers. We produce low-cost, high quality Northern White frac sand and offer proppant logistics, storage and management solutions to our customers through our in-basin transloading terminal and our SmartSystems ??? wellsite proppant storage capabilities. We provide our products and services primarily to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies and oilfield service companies. We own and operate premium frac sand mines and related processing facilities in Wisconsin and Illinois, which have access to three Class I rail lines, allowing us to deliver products substantially anywhere in the United States and Canada.
Sundance Energy Inc. is an independent energy exploration and production company located in Denver, Colorado. The Company is focused on the acquisition and development of large, repeatable oil and natural gas resource plays in North America. Current activities are focused in the Eagle Ford. A comprehensive overview of the Company can be found on Sundance?€?s website at www.sundanceenergy.net.
Sundial is a public company with Common Shares traded on Nasdaq under the symbol "SNDL". Sundial is a licensed producer that crafts cannabis using state-of-the-art indoor facilities. Our 'craft-at-scale' modular growing approach, award-winning genetics and experienced growers set us apart. Our Canadian operations cultivate small-batch cannabis using an individualized "room" approach, with 470,000 square feet of total space. Sundial's brand portfolio includes Top Leaf, Sundial Cannabis, Palmetto and Grasslands. Our consumer-packaged goods experience??enables us to not just grow??quality cannabis, but also??to??create exceptional consumer and customer experiences. We are proudly Albertan, headquartered in Calgary, AB, with operations in??Olds, AB, and Rocky View County, AB.
Schneider is a leading transportation and logistics services company providing a broad portfolio of premier truckload, intermodal and logistics solutions and operating one of the largest for-hire trucking fleets in North America. With nearly $5 billion in revenue, Schneider has been safely delivering superior customer experiences for over 80 years.
Syndax Pharmaceuticals??is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing an innovative pipeline of cancer therapies. The Company's pipeline includes SNDX-5613, a highly selective inhibitor of the Menin?€?MLL binding interaction, axatilimab, a monoclonal antibody that blocks the colony stimulating factor 1 (CSF-1) receptor, and entinostat, a class I HDAC inhibitor.
SONY CORPORATION is principally engaged in the operation of imaging products and solution (IP&S), game, mobile products and communication (MP&C), home entertainment and sound (HE&S), device, movie, music, financial and other business. The IP&S segment provides digital imaging products and professional solutions. The Game segment produces and distributes consumer game machines and software. The MP&C segment operates mobile communication and personal mobile product business. The HE&S segment operates television business, video and audio business. Device segment operates semiconductor business and component business. Movie segment designs, produces, distribution and broadcasts movies and television programs. Music segment produces and distributes music software and animation products. Finance segment operates insurance and banking business. The Others segment undertakes mobile phone manufacturing works and operates network, medical and disc manufacturing works, among others.
SenesTech is changing the model for pest management by targeting one of the root causes of the problem: reproduction. ContraPest?? is an innovative technology with an approach that targets the reproductive capabilities of both sexes in rat populations, inducing egg loss in female rats and impairing sperm development in males. Using a proprietary bait delivery method, ContraPest?? is dispensed in a highly palatable liquid formulation that promotes sustained consumption by rat communities. ContraPest?? is designed, formulated and dispensed to be low hazard for handlers and non-target species such as wildlife, livestock and pets, where the active ingredients break down rapidly. We believe ContraPest?? will establish a new paradigm in rodent control, resulting in a decreased reliance on lethal options.
INTL FCStone Inc. (INTL) provides risk management advisory services to mid-sized commercial customers. It provides foreign exchange and treasury services, securities execution, physical commodities trading services and execution in both listed futures and option contracts, as well as structured over-the-counter (OTC) products in a range of commodities. The Company's activities are divided into five functional areas: Commodity and Risk Management Services, Foreign Exchange, Securities, Clearing and Execution Services, and Other. In April 2012, its wholly-owned subsidiary INTL Holding (UK) Limited, acquired 100% interest of TRX Futures Limited (TRX). In February 2012, its subsidiaries, INTL Participacoes LTDA and FCStone do Brasil, acquired 100% interest of Aporte DTVM.
: Founded in 1965, Security National Financial Corporation operates in three business segments. The Company sells and services selected lines of life insurance, annuity products, and accident and health insurance, operates cemeteries in Utah and California and mortuaries in Utah and Arizona, and originates and underwrites residential and commercial loans for new construction and existing homes. About FTSE Russell: FTSE Russell is a leading global index provider creating and managing a wide range of indexes, data and analytic solutions to meet client needs across asset classes, style and strategies. Covering 98% of the investable market, FTSE Russell indexes offer a true picture of global markets, combined with the specialist knowledge gained from developing local benchmarks around the world. FTSE Russell index expertise and products are used extensively by institutional and retail investors globally. Approximately $16 trillion is currently benchmarked to FTSE Russell indexes. For over 30 years, leading asset owners, asset managers, ETF providers and investment banks have chosen FTSE Russell indexes to benchmark their investment performance and create investment funds, ETFs, structured products and index-based derivatives. FTSE Russell indexes also provide clients with tools for asset allocation, investment strategy analysis and risk management. A core set of universal principles guides FTSE Russell index design and management: a transparent rules-based methodology is informed by independent committees of leading market participants. FTSE Russell is focused on index innovation and customer partnership applying the highest industry standards and embracing the IOSCO Principles. FTSE Russell is wholly owned by London Stock Exchange Group.
Soligenix is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products to treat rare diseases where there is an unmet medical need. Our Specialized BioTherapeutics business segment is developing SGX301 as a novel photodynamic therapy utilizing safe visible light for the treatment of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma, our first-in-class innate defense regulator (IDR) technology, dusquetide (SGX942) for the treatment of oral mucositis in head and neck cancer, and proprietary formulations of oral beclomethasone 17,21-dipropionate (BDP) for the prevention/treatment of gastrointestinal (GI) disorders characterized by severe inflammation including pediatric Crohn's disease (SGX203) and acute radiation enteritis (SGX201). Our Public Health Solutions business segment includes active development programs for RiVax ??, our ricin toxin vaccine candidate, SGX943, our therapeutic candidate for antibiotic resistant and emerging infectious disease, and our research programs to identify and develop novel vaccine candidates targeting viral infection including Ebola, Marburg and SARS-CoV-2 (the cause of COVID-19). The development of our vaccine programs incorporates the use of our proprietary heat stabilization platform technology, known as ThermoVax ??. To date, this business segment has been supported with government grant and contract funding from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), the Defense Threat Reduction Agents (DTRA) and the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA).

Sanchez Midstream Partners LP (NYSE American: SNMP) is a growth-oriented publicly-traded limited partnership focused on the acquisition, development, ownership and operation of midstream and other energy-related assets in North America. The Partnership has ownership stakes in oil and natural gas gathering systems, natural gas pipelines and natural gas processing facilities, all located in the Western Eagle Ford in South Texas.
Smith & Nephew is a portfolio medical technology business that exists to restore people's??bodies, and??their self-belief. Smith & Nephew has leadership positions in Orthopaedics, Advanced Wound Management and Sports Medicine, more than 16,000 employees and a presence in more than 100 countries. Annual sales in 2018 were $4.9 billion. Smith & Nephew is a member of the FTSE100 (LSE:SN,NYSE: SNN ).
Sonoma Pharmaceuticals is a global healthcare leader for developing and producing stabilized hypochlorous acid (HOCl) products for a wide range of applications, including wound care, animal health care, eye care, nasal care, oral care and dermatological conditions. The company?€?s products reduce infections, itch, pain, scarring and harmful inflammatory responses in a safe and effective manner. In-vitro and clinical studies of hypochlorous acid (HOCl) show it to have impressive antipruritic, antimicrobial, antiviral and anti-inflammatory properties. Sonoma?€?s stabilized HOCl immediately relieves itch and pain, kills pathogens and breaks down biofilm, does not sting or irritate skin and oxygenates the cells in the area treated assisting the body in its natural healing process. The company?€?s products are sold either directly or via partners in 53 countries worldwide and the company actively seeks new distribution partners. The company?€?s principal office is in Woodstock, Georgia, with manufacturing operations in Latin America. European marketing and sales are headquartered in Roermond, Netherlands.
Snowflake Inc - Class A
China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, an energy and chemical company, through its subsidiaries, engages in the oil and gas, and chemical operations and businesses in the People??s Republic of China. It operates through Exploration and Production, Refining, Marketing and Distribution, Chemicals, and Corporate and Others segments. The company explores and develops oil fields, and produces and sells crude oil and natural gas; processes and purifies crude oil into refined petroleum products; and manufactures and sells petroleum products. It also owns and operates oil depots and service stations; and distributes and sells refined petroleum products, such as gasoline and diesel through wholesale and retail sales networks. In addition, the company manufactures and sells petrochemical products, derivative petrochemical products, and other chemical products, such as basic organic chemicals, synthetic resins, synthetic rubbers, synthetic fiber monomers and polymers, synthetic fibers, and chemical fertilizers. Further, it is also involved in the pipeline transportation of crude oil and natural gas; and production and sale of electricity, cement, and coal. Additionally, the company engages in the import and export of petroleum, natural gas, petroleum products, petrochemical and chemical products, and other commodities and technologies; and research, development, and application of technologies and information. China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Beijing, the People??s Republic of China. China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation is a subsidiary of China Petrochemical Corporation.

Tortoise Acquisition Corp II
Tortoise Acquisition Corp II - Warrants(14/06/2027)
Synopsys, Inc. is the Silicon to Software??? partner for innovative companies developing the electronic products and software applications we rely on every day. As the world's 15th largest software company, Synopsys has a long history of being a global leader in electronic design automation (EDA) and semiconductor IP and is also growing its leadership in software security and quality solutions. Whether you're a system-on-chip (SoC) designer creating advanced semiconductors, or a software developer writing applications that require the highest security and quality, Synopsys has the solutions needed to deliver innovative, high-quality, secure products.
New Senior Investment Group Inc. (NYSE:SNR.WI) operates independently of Newcastle Investment Corp. as of November 6, 2014.
Sunesis is a biopharmaceutical company developing novel targeted inhibitors for the treatment of hematologic and solid cancers. Sunesis has built an experienced drug development organization committed to improving the lives of people with cancer. The Company is focused on advancing its novel kinase inhibitor pipeline, including first-in-class PDK1 inhibitor SNS-510. SNS-510 is in IND-enabling studies.
Synovus Financial Corp. is a financial services company based in Columbus, Georgia, with approximately $47 billion in assets. Synovus provides commercial and retail banking, investment, and mortgage services through 297 branches in Georgia, Alabama, South Carolina, Florida, and Tennessee.
Synovus Financial Corp. Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Series D Liquation Preference $25.00 per Share
SYNNEX Corporation is a Fortune 200 corporation and a leading business process services company, providing a comprehensive range of distribution, logistics and integration services for the technology industry and providing outsourced services focused on customer engagement to a broad range of enterprises. SYNNEX distributes a broad range of information technology systems and products, and also provides systems design and integration solutions. Founded in 1980, SYNNEX Corporation operates in numerous countries throughout North and South America, Asia-Pacific and Europe.
Sanofi is dedicated to supporting people through their health challenges. We are a global biopharmaceutical company focused on human health. We help prevent illness with vaccines, provide innovative treatments to fight pain, and ease suffering. We stand by the few who suffer from rare diseases and the millions with long-term chronic conditions. With more than 100,000 people in 100 countries, Sanofi is transforming scientific innovation into healthcare solutions around the globe.
The Southern Company (Southern Company)is a holding company, which owns all of the common stock of the traditional operating companies, including Alabama Power Company (Alabama Power), Georgia Power Company (Georgia Power), Gulf Power Company (Gulf Power), and Mississippi Power Company (Mississippi Power) ,and Southern Power Company (Southern Power), and other direct and indirect subsidiaries (together, the Southern Company system). The primary business of the Southern Company system is electricity sales by the traditional operating companies and Southern Power. The four traditional operating companies are vertically integrated utilities providing electric service in four Southeastern states. Southern Power constructs, acquires, owns, and manages generation assets. In July 2012, the Company and Turner Renewable Energy acquired a 20 megawatts solar photovoltaic power plant in Nevada from SunEdison, a subsidiary of MEMC Electronic Materials, Inc.
Southern Company Unit Series A 2019
Sustainable Opportunities Acquisition Corp. Class A
Sustainable Opportunities Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Cl A & 12 Wt
Sustainable Opportunities Acquisition Corp. Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50
Sogou Inc - ADR
Sotherly Hotels Inc. is a self-managed and self-administered lodging REIT focused on the acquisition, renovation, upbranding and repositioning of upscale to upper-upscale full-service hotels in the Southern United States. Currently, the Company?€?s portfolio consists of investments in twelve hotel properties, comprising 3,156 rooms, as well as interests in two condominium hotels and their associated rental programs. The Company owns hotels that operate under the Hilton Worldwide, Hyatt Hotels Corporation, and Marriott International, Inc. brands, as well as independent hotels. Sotherly Hotels Inc. was organized in 2004 and is headquartered in Williamsburg, Virginia.

Sotherly Hotels Inc Perp Pfd Ser D
Sotherly Hotels Inc. 7.875% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock
Sohu.com Inc. (Sohu) is a Chinese online media, search, gaming, community and mobile service group. The Company operates matrices of Chinese language Web properties, and it operates multi-player online games and Web-based games in the People's Republic of China. Its businesses consist of the online advertising business, the online game business, the wireless business and the others business, among which online advertising and online games are its core businesses. On December 15, 2011, the Company sold assets associated with the business of 17173.com (the 17173 Business), a game information portal in China to Changyou.com Limited (Changyou). On August 1, 2011, The Company acquired Focus Yiju Network Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Focus Yiju). On May 11, 2011, Changyou acquired, through its VIE Gamease, 68.258% of the interests of 7Road Technology Co., Ltd. (7Road).
Solaris Oilfield Infrastructure, Inc. manufactures and rents mobile equipment that drives supply chain and execution efficiencies in the completion of oil and natural gas wells. Solaris?€? patented mobile proppant and chemical systems are deployed in many of the most active oil and natural gas basins in the United States.

Southern Company (The) Series 2017B 5.25% Junior Subordinated Notes due December 1 2077

Southern Company
ReneSola Power is a leading global solar project developer and operator. The Company focuses on solar power project development, construction management and project financing services. With local professional teams in more than 10 countries around the world, the business is spread across a number of regions where the solar power project markets are growing rapidly, and can sustain that growth due to improved clarity around government policies. The Company's strategy is to pursue high-margin project development opportunities in these profitable and growing markets; specifically, in the U.S. and Europe, where the Company has a market-leading position in several geographies, including Poland, Hungary, Minnesota and New York. About Innova Innova??is committed to developing, acquiring and operating innovative renewable and property projects providing decentralized energy solutions and regeneration for the decarbonization and sustainability of the environment and local communities. Innova owns and operates a 70MW portfolio of ground mounted and commercial roof top solar installations, together with complementary technologies such as batteries. We focus on driving operational excellence and adhering to a pragmatic acquisition process. The Innova Group is a fast growing and experienced private equity business specialising in the renewable energy and property sectors with offices located in London and the Cotswolds. SOURCE ReneSola Ltd. Related Links http://www.renesolapower.com
Electrameccanica Vehicles Corp. Ltd
Electrameccanica Vehicles Corp. Ltd. Warrants
Soliton, Inc. is a medical device company with a novel and proprietary platform technology licensed from The University of Texas on behalf of MD Anderson Cancer Center. The Company's first FDA cleared commercial product will use rapid pulses of acoustic shockwaves as an accessory to lasers for the removal of unwanted tattoos. The Company is based in Houston, Texas, and is actively engaged in bringing the Rapid Acoustic Pulse ("RAP") device to the market. The Company believes this "Soliton" method has the potential to lower tattoo removal costs for patients, while increasing profitability to practitioners, compared to current laser removal methods. Soliton has filed a 510(k) application with the FDA for clearance of its RAP device to improve the appearance of cellulite and is investigating potential additional capabilities of the RAP technology. The device is currently cleared in the United States only for use in tattoo removal and is not yet cleared for use to address cellulite.
Founded in 1899, Sonoco is a global provider of a variety of consumer packaging, industrial products, protective packaging, and displays and packaging supply chain services. With annualized net sales of approximately??$5.4 billion, the Company has 23,000 employees working in approximately 300 operations in 36 countries, serving some of the world?€?s best known brands in some 85 nations. Sonoco is committed to creating sustainable products, services and programs for our customers, employees and communities that support our corporate purpose of Better Packaging. Better Life. The Company ranked first in the Packaging sector on Fortune?€?s World?€?s Most Admired Companies for 2020 as well as Barron?€?s 100 Most Sustainable Companies.
Virginia, Inc. As of September 30, 2020, Southern National had $3.15 billion in total assets, $2.52 billion in total loans and $2.22 billion in total deposits. Sonabank, the Company's banking subsidiary provides a range of financial services to individuals and small and medium sized businesses through forty-two full-service branches in Virginia and Maryland and through certain internet and mobile applications. Non-GAAP Measures Statements included in this press release include non-GAAP financial measures and should be read along with the accompanying tables. Southern National uses non-GAAP financial measures to analyze its performance. Management believes that non-GAAP financial measures provide additional useful information that allows readers to evaluate the ongoing performance of Southern National and provide meaningful comparison to its peers. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as an alternative to any measure of performance or financial condition as promulgated under GAAP, and investors should consider Southern National's performance and financial condition as reported under GAAP and all other relevant information when assessing the performance or financial condition of Southern National. Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and investors should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the results or financial condition as reported under GAAP.
Sonim Technologies is a leading U.S. provider of ultra-rugged mobility solutions designed specifically for task workers physically engaged in their work environments, often in mission-critical roles. The Sonim solution includes ultra-rugged mobile phones, a suite of industrial-grade accessories, and data and workflow applications which are collectively designed to increase worker productivity, communication and safety on the job site.
Headquartered in Charlotte, NC,??Chanticleer Holdings owns, operates, and franchises fast, casual, and full-service restaurant brands, including American Burger Company, BGR ?€? Burgers Grilled Right, Little Big Burger, Just Fresh, and Hooters.
Sonos is one of the world?€?s leading sound experience brands. As the inventor of multi-room wireless home audio, Sonos innovation helps the world listen better by giving people access to the content they love and allowing them to control it however they choose. Known for delivering an unparalleled sound experience, thoughtful home design aesthetic, simplicity of use and an open platform, Sonos makes the breadth of audio content available to anyone. Sonos is headquartered in Santa Barbara, California.
China Rapid Finance Limited is one of China's leading Fintech companies that offers award-winning decisioning technology and marketing services that addresses China's growing consumer credit market. The Company utilizes its proprietary technology and 18 years of experience to provide its services. The Company is establishing partnerships and is currently developing strategic alternatives and new businesses in financial technology, marketing services and portfolio management.
SP+ provides professional parking, ground transportation, facility maintenance, security, event logistics, and baggage handling and related services to commercial, institutional, municipal, and aviation clients throughout North America. The Company has more than 23,000 employees and operates in hundreds of cities across North America. SP+ is one of the premier valet operators in the nation with more four and five diamond luxury properties, including hotels and resorts, than any other valet competitor. The Company's ground transportation group transports approximately 37 million passengers each year; its facility maintenance group operates in dozens of U.S. cities; and its event/large venue group provides a wide range of event logistics services. Bags offers remote airline check-in, baggage handling and related services.
Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a consumer products company worldwide. The company operates through Global Batteries & Appliances, Global Pet Supplies, Home and Garden Business, and Hardware & Home Improvement segments. It designs, manufactures, and markets consumer batteries, including alkaline and zinc carbon batteries, rechargeable batteries and chargers, hearing aid batteries, other specialty batteries, and portable lighting products; pet supplies comprising aquatic equipment and supplies, dog and cat treats, small animal foods, clean up and training aids, health and grooming products, and beddings; and home and garden control products consisting of household insect controls, insect repellents, and herbicides. The company also offers electric shaving and grooming devices; small appliances, such as small kitchen appliances and home product appliances; electric personal care and styling devices; and hardware and home improvement products comprising residential locksets, and builders hardware and plumbing products. Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. sells its products through various trade channels, including retailers, wholesalers and distributors, hearing aid professionals, industrial distributors, and original equipment manufacturers primarily under the Rayovac, Remington, VARTA, Tetra, 8IN1, Dingo, Nature??s Miracle, Wild Harvest, Marineland, FURminator, Spectracide, Cutter, Hot Shot, Garden Safe, Repel, George Foreman, Russell Hobbs, Farberware, Toastmaster, Black & Decker, Kwikset, Weiser, Baldwin, National Hardware, and Pfister brand names, as well as IAMSA and EukanubaA brands. The company is headquartered in Middleton, Wisconsin. Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. is a subsidiary of Harbinger Group Inc.
SuperCom Ltd., formerly Vuance Ltd. (Vuance) is a radio frequency identification (RFID) management solution provider. The Company is a provider of traditional and digital Identity solutions, providing advanced safety, Identification and Security Products and Solutions, to Governments, Private and Public organizations globally. The basic components of its PureRFid Suite include an active tag, which contains a microchip equipped transmitter, an antenna, a capacitor and battery attached to the item to be identified, located or tracked; a Web-based management system, which captures and processes the signal from the active tag, and may be configured to provide an alert upon the occurrence of a trigger event; one or more wireless receivers; one or more activators, and the tag's initializer, which is used to configure the PureRFid tags.
Virgin Galactic Holdings, Inc. is a vertically integrated aerospace and space travel company, pioneering human spaceflight for private individuals and researchers, as well as a manufacturer of advanced air and space vehicles. Using its proprietary and reusable technologies and supported by a distinctive, Virgin-branded customer experience, it is developing a spaceflight system designed to offer customers a unique, multi-day, transformative experience. This culminates in a spaceflight that includes views of Earth from space and several minutes of weightlessness that will launch from Spaceport America, New Mexico. Virgin Galactic and The Spaceship Company believe that one of the most exciting and significant opportunities of our time lies in the commercial exploration of space and the development of technology that will change the way we travel across the globe in the future. Together we are opening access to space to change the world for good.
Special Opportunities Fund Inc. 3.50% Convertible Preferred Stock Series B
South Plains is the bank holding company for City Bank, a Texas state-chartered bank headquartered in Lubbock, Texas. City Bank is one of the largest independent banks in West Texas and has additional banking operations in the Dallas, El Paso, Greater Houston, the Permian Basin, and College Station Texas markets, and the Ruidoso and Eastern New Mexico markets. South Plains provides a wide range of commercial and consumer financial services to small and medium-sized businesses and individuals in its market areas. Its principal business activities include commercial and retail banking, along with insurance, investment, trust and mortgage services.
Simon Property Group, Inc. is an equity real estate investment trust. The firm invests in the real estate markets across the globe. It engages in investment, ownership, and management of properties. It primarily invests in regional malls, Premium Outlets, The Mills, and community/lifestyle centers to create its portfolio. Simon Property Group, Inc. was founded in 1960 and is based in Indianapolis, Indiana, with additional offices in Delaware, United States; and New York, New York.
Simon Property Group Inc. Group 8 3/8% Series J Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
At S&P Global Market Intelligence, we understand the importance of accurate, deep and insightful information. We integrate financial and industry data, research and news into tools that help track performance, generate alpha, identify investment ideas, perform valuations and assess credit risk. Investment professionals, government agencies, corporations and universities around the world use this essential intelligence to make business and financial decisions with conviction. S&P Global Market Intelligence is a division of S&P Global, the world's foremost provider of credit ratings, benchmarks and analytics in the global capital and commodity markets, offering ESG solutions, deep data and insights on critical business factors. S&P Global has been providing essential intelligence that unlocks opportunity, fosters growth and accelerates progress for more than 160 years.
Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., is a nationwide distributor of propane, fuel oil and related products and services, as well as a marketer of natural gas and electricity, servicing over 1 million customers through 700 locations across 41 states. The company proudly celebrated 90 years of innovation, growth and quality service in 2018. The brand is currently focused on three core elements including: ??Suburban Commitment - showcasing the company's 90+ year legacy of flexibility, reliability and dependability; SuburbanCares - highlighting dedication to serving local communities across the nation; and, Go Green with Suburban Propane - promoting the affordable, clean burning and versatile nature of propane as a bridge to a green energy future. Suburban Propane is a New York Stock Exchange listed limited partnership headquartered in Whippany, NJ.
SPI Energy Co., Ltd. (SPI) is a global renewable energy company and provider of photovoltaic (PV) and electric vehicle (EV) solutions for business, residential, government, logistics and utility customers and investors. The Company provides a full spectrum of EPC services to third-party project developers, as well as develops, owns and operates solar projects that sell electricity to the grid in multiple countries, including the U.S., the U.K., Greece, Japan and Italy. The Company has its US headquarters in Santa Clara, California and maintains global operations in Asia, Europe, North America and Australia. SPI is also targeting strategic investment opportunities in green industries such as battery storage and charging stations, leveraging the Company's expertise and growing base of cash flow from solar projects and funding development of projects in agriculture and other markets with significant growth potential.
Spark Energy, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as an independent retail energy services company in the United States. It operates through two segments, Retail Natural Gas and Retail Electricity. The company is involved in the retail distribution of natural gas and electricity to residential, commercial, and industrial customers. As of December 31, 2014, it operated in 46 utility service territories across 16 states, and had approximately 303,000 residential customers and 15,000 commercial customers. Spark Energy, Inc. was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.

Splunk Inc. turns data into doing with the Data-to-Everything Platform. Splunk technology is designed to investigate, monitor, and analyze and act on data at any scale. Splunk, Splunk>, Data-to-Everything, D2E and Turn Data Into Doing are trademarks and registered trademarks of Splunk Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other brand names, product names, or trademarks belong to their respective owners. ?? 2020 Splunk Inc. All rights reserved.
Steel Partners Holdings L.P. ( www.steelpartners.com ) is a diversified global holding company that owns and operates businesses and has significant interests in various companies, including diversified industrial products, energy, defense, supply chain management and logistics, direct marketing, banking, and youth sports.
Steel Partners Holdings LP 6.0% Series A Preferred Units no par value
SeaSpine (www.seaspine.com) is a global medical technology company focused on the design, development and commercialization of surgical solutions for the treatment of patients suffering from spinal disorders. SeaSpine has a comprehensive portfolio of orthobiologics and spinal implants solutions to meet the varying combinations of products that neurosurgeons and orthopedic spine surgeons need to perform fusion procedures on the lumbar, thoracic and cervical spine. SeaSpine?€?s orthobiologics products consist of a broad range of advanced and traditional bone graft substitutes that are designed to improve bone fusion rates following a wide range of orthopedic surgeries, including spine, hip, and extremities procedures. SeaSpine?€?s spinal implants portfolio consists of an extensive line of products to facilitate spinal fusion in degenerative, minimally invasive surgery (MIS), and complex spinal deformity procedures. Expertise in both orthobiologic sciences and spinal implants product development allows SeaSpine to offer its surgeon customers a differentiated portfolio and a complete solution to meet their fusion requirements. SeaSpine currently markets its products in the United States and in approximately 30 countries worldwide through a committed network of increasingly exclusive distribution partners.
Sapiens International Corporation empowers insurers to succeed in an evolving industry. The company offers digital software platforms, solutions and services for the property & casualty, life, pension & annuity, reinsurance, financial & compliance, workers' compensation and financial markets. With more than 35 years of experience delivering to over 500 organizations globally, Sapiens has a proven ability to satisfy customers' core, data and digital requirements.
Supernova Partners Acquisition Company Inc - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Spok Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiary, Spok Inc, provides various communications solutions to healthcare, government, public safety, and other industries in the United States, Europe, Australia, Asia, and the Middle East. The company provides paging services comprising one-way messaging, including numeric messaging services, which enable subscribers to receive messages comprising numbers, such as phone numbers; and alphanumeric messages, including numbers and letters that enable subscribers to receive text messages. It also offers two-way messaging services that enable subscribers to send and receive messages to and from other wireless messaging devices, such as pagers, personal digital assistants, and personal computers; and voice mail, personalized greeting, message storage and retrieval, and equipment loss and/or maintenance protection to one-way and two-way messaging subscribers. In addition, the company develops, sells, and supports enterprise-wide systems to automate, centralize, and standardize critical unified communications solutions for contact centers, clinical alerting and notification, mobile communications, and messaging, as well as for public safety notifications. Further, it provides professional and customer support services; and sells equipment used with its software. The company serves businesses, professionals, management personnel, medical personnel, field sales personnel and service forces, members of the construction industry and construction trades, real estate brokers and developers, sales and service organizations, specialty trade organizations, manufacturing organizations, and government agencies. It was formerly known as USA Mobility, Inc. and changed its name to Spok Holdings, Inc. in July 2014. Spok Holdings, Inc. is headquartered in Springfield, Virginia.
Spotify is the world?€?s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 299 million Monthly Active Users and 138 million Premium Subscribers. With a presence in 92 markets, and more than 60 million tracks including 1.5 million podcast titles, it has transformed the way people access and enjoy music and podcasts.
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biotechnology company, develops and commercializes oncology and hematology drug products. The company markets five drug products, including FUSILEV for the treatment of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer, rescue after high-dose methotrexate therapy in osteosarcoma, and to diminish the toxicity and counteract the effects of impaired methotrexate elimination and of inadvertent overdosage of folic acid antagonists; FOLOTYN, a folate analogue metabolic inhibitor for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma (PTCL); ZEVALIN injection for patients with follicular non-Hodgkin??s lymphoma; MARQIBO, a sphingomyelin/cholesterol liposome-encapsulated formulation of the anticancer drug vincristine for the treatment of adult patients with Philadelphia chromosome-negative acute lymphoblastic leukemia; and BELEODAQ injection for patients with relapsed or refractory PTCL. It is also developing Captisol-enabled MELPHALAN, an intravenous formulation for clinicians and patients in the multiple myeloma transplant setting; APAZIQUONE to treat non-muscle invasive bladder cancer; and SPI-2012 for the treatment of chemotherapy-induced neutropenia. The company sells its drugs through a direct sales force in the United States; and through distributors in Europe and Japan. It has licensing and development agreement with Cell Therapeutics, Inc.; license agreement with Merck & Cie AG and Cydex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; development and commercialization collaboration agreement with Allergan, Inc.; collaboration agreement with Nippon Kayaku Co., Ltd.; licensing and collaboration agreement with TopoTarget A/S; and co-development and commercialization agreement with Hanmi Pharmaceutical Company. The company was formerly known as NeoTherapeutics, Inc. and changed its name to Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in December 2002. Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Henderson, Nevada.
Siren Large Cap Blend Index ETF
Spirit AeroSystems designs and builds aerostructures for both commercial and defense customers, focusing on affordable, innovative composite and aluminum manufacturing solutions to support customers around the globe. With headquarters in Wichita, Kansas, Spirit operates sites in the U.S., U.K., Malaysia and Morocco. The company's core products include fuselages, pylons, nacelles and wing components for the world's premier aircraft.
Spruce Biosciences Inc
SmartPros Ltd. (SmartPros) provides learning and training solutions for specific markets, including accounting/finance, legal, engineering, securities, and insurance, as well as banking and information technology professionals. SmartPros' primary products are periodic video and Internet subscription services directed to corporate accountants and financial managers, and accountants in public practice. The Company also provides corporate governance, ethics, finance and compliance for the general corporate market. It offers off-the-shelf courses, live training and produce custom-designed programs with delivery methods suited to the specific needs of the clients. Its customers include professional firms and companies of all sizes who purchase the courses for use by their employees, and individuals who purchase courses, programs or subscriptions on a retail basis. In June 2012, the Company purchased certain assets of online training company, Global Collaboration Partners LLC.
Support.com, Inc. is a full-spectrum leader in outsourced call center and direct-to-consumer and small business technical support solutions. With more than 20 years of providing high quality technical support services to consumers and small businesses through white-labeled partnerships or direct solutions, Support.com has the expertise, tools and software solutions to troubleshoot and maintain all the devices in the connected home and business. The company's skilled U.S.-based live agents and rich self-support tools troubleshoot more than 10,000 technical support issues consumers and small businesses face on an ongoing basis. Support.com delivers high quality, turnkey technical support solutions and digital support experiences that enable customers to get the most out of their technology.
SPS Commerce??is the world?€?s leading retail network, connecting trading partners around the globe to optimize supply chain operations for all retail partners. We support data-driven partnerships with innovative cloud technology, customer-obsessed service and accessible experts so our customers can focus on what they do best. To date, more than 90,000 companies in retail, distribution, grocery and e-commerce have chosen SPS as their retail network. SPS has achieved 79 consecutive quarters of revenue growth and is headquartered in??Minneapolis.
Sprout Social Inc Class A
Spartan Stores, Inc. is a regional grocery distributor and grocery retailer, operating principally in Michigan, Indiana and Ohio. The Company operates in two segments: Distribution and Retail. The Company offers a variety of grocery products, general merchandise and health and beauty care, pharmacy, fuel and other items and services. As of March 30, 2013, the Company marketed and distributed 4,100 private brand items, including its flagship Spartan brand, Spartan Fresh Selections, Top Care, a health and beauty care brand, Full Circle, a natural and organic brand, World Classics, Paws, a pet supplies brand, B-leve a bath and beauty brand, and Valu Time brand. The Company's Distribution segment consists primarily of its wholly owned subsidiary, Spartan Stores Distribution, LLC. The Company operates its Retail segment through its wholly owned subsidiary, Seaway Food Town, Inc. and its subsidiaries. In November 2013, Spartan Stores Inc acquired Nash Finch Co.
Sportsman?€?s Warehouse Holdings, Inc. is an outdoor specialty retailer focused on meeting the needs of the seasoned outdoor veteran, the first-time participant, and everyone in between. We provide outstanding gear and exceptional service to inspire outdoor memories.
Headquartered in California's Silicon Valley, SunPower is a leading Distributed Generation Storage and Energy Services provider in North America. SunPower offers the only solar + storage solution designed and warranted by one company that gives customers control over electricity consumption and resiliency during power outages while providing cost savings to homeowners, businesses, governments, schools and utilities.
:?? SPX Corporation is a supplier of highly engineered products and technologies, holding leadership positions in the HVAC, detection and measurement, and engineered solutions markets. Based in Charlotte, North Carolina, SPX Corporation had approximately $1.5 billion in annual revenue in 2019 and over 4,500 employees in 17 countries.
Square, Inc. revolutionized payments in 2009 with Square Reader, making it possible for anyone to accept card payments using a smartphone or tablet. Today, we build tools to empower businesses and individuals to participate in the economy. Sellers use Square to reach buyers online and in-person, manage their business, and access financing. And individuals use Cash App to spend, send, store, and invest money. Square has offices in the United States, Canada, Japan, Australia, Ireland, Spain, and the UK.
Sequential Brands Group, Inc. owns, promotes, markets, and licenses a portfolio of consumer brands in the active and lifestyle categories. Sequential seeks to ensure that its brands continue to thrive and grow by employing strong brand management and marketing teams. Sequential has licensed and intends to license its brands in a variety of consumer categories to retailers, wholesalers and distributors in the United States and around the world.
LeaderShares Equity Skew
Presidio Property Trust Inc Com Cl C
Chemical and Mining Company of Chile Inc. is engaged in the production and distribution of specialty plant nutrients, iodine and its derivatives, lithium and its derivatives, potassium chloride and potassium sulfate, industrial chemicals, and other commodity fertilizers. The company??s specialty plant nutrients include potassium nitrate, sodium nitrate, sodium potassium nitrate, and specialty blends for crops, such as vegetables, fruits, and flowers, as well as Ultrasol for application through fertigation; Qrop for field application; Speedfol for foliar application; and Allganic for organic farming. Its iodine and iodine derivatives are used in a range of medical, pharmaceutical, agricultural, and industrial applications, including X-ray contrast media, polarizing films for liquid crystal displays, antiseptics, biocides and disinfectants in the synthesis of pharmaceuticals, herbicides, electronics, pigments, and dye components. The company??s lithium and its derivatives include lithium carbonate for use in various applications comprising electrochemical materials for batteries, frits for the ceramic and enamel industries, heat-resistant glass, air conditioning chemicals, continuous casting powder for steel extrusion, primary aluminum smelting process, pharmaceuticals, and lithium derivatives; and lithium hydroxide, which is used as a raw material in the lubricating grease, dyes, and battery industries. Its potassium chloride is used as a commodity fertilizer; and potassium sulfate is used as a specialty fertilizer. The company??s industrial chemicals comprise sodium nitrate, potassium nitrate, boric acid, solar salts, and potassium chloride. It also sells other fertilizers and blends. The company sells its products through a distribution network in approximately 100 countries worldwide. Chemical and Mining Company of Chile Inc. was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Santiago, Chile.
Sequans Communications S.A. is a leading developer and provider of 5G and 4G chips and modules for IoT devices. For 5G/4G massive IoT applications, Sequans provides a comprehensive product portfolio based on its flagship Monarch LTE-M/NB-IoT and Calliope Cat 1 chip platforms, featuring industry-leading low power consumption, a large set of integrated functionalities, and global deployment capability. For 5G/4G broadband and critical IoT applications, Sequans offers a product portfolio based on its Cassiopeia 4G Cat 4/Cat 6 and high-end Taurus 5G chip platforms, optimized for low-cost residential, enterprise, and industrial applications. Founded in 2003, Sequans is based in Paris, France with additional offices in the United States, United Kingdom, Israel, Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, South Korea, and China.
SQZ Biotechnologies Company
The Standard Register Company (Standard Register) is in the healthcare, financial services, commercial, and industrial markets Standard Register provides a combination of market-specific solutions and other solutions that serve common business needs across its markets. The Company classifies its solutions as core or legacy based upon its business strategy and focus. Core solutions represent solutions designed to address current and evolving needs of targeted markets, consist of combinations of print, labels, services, and software, and are targeted growth areas for it. Legacy solutions primarily support common business transaction processing needs and consist mainly of printed products and distribution services. The Company operates four business segments: Healthcare, Financial Services, Commercial Markets, and Industrial. In August, 2013, it acquired WorkflowOne.
Spire

Stable Road Acquisition Corp Unit 1 Cl A & 12 Wt Exp 05152026
Stable Road Acquisition Corp Warrants 15052026

No Description Available
Spirit Realty Capital Inc. 6.000% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
1st Source Corporation is a bank holding company that provides, through its subsidiaries, an array of financial products and services. 1st Source Bank (the Bank), its banking subsidiary, offers commercial and consumer banking services, trust and investment management services, and insurance to individual and business clients through most of its 75 banking center locations in 17 counties in Indiana and Michigan. 1st Source Bank's Specialty Finance Group, with 23 locations nationwide, offers specialized financing services for new and used private and cargo aircraft, automobiles and light trucks for leasing and rental agencies, medium and heavy duty trucks, construction equipment, and environmental equipment. At December 31, 2011, the Company had consolidated total assets of $4.37 billion, loans and leases of $3.09 billion and deposits of $3.52 billion.
Stericycle, Inc., is a U.S. based business-to-business services company and leading provider of compliance-based solutions that protects people and brands, promotes health and safeguards the environment. Stericycle serves customers in the U.S. and 17 countries worldwide with solutions for regulated medical waste management, secure information destruction, compliance, customer contact and brand protection.
SurModics, Inc. (SurModics) is a provider of drug delivery and surface modification technologies to the healthcare industry. The Company has partnered with many of the world's emerging medical device, pharmaceutical and life science companies to develop and commercialize products designed to improve patient outcomes. Its offerings include drug delivery technologies (coatings, microparticles, and implants); surface modification coating technologies that impart lubricity, prohealing, and biocompatibility characteristics, and components for in vitro diagnostic test kits and microarrays. It has three business units: Medical Device, Pharmaceuticals, and In Vitro Diagnostics. As of September 30, 2010, it had 102 licensed product classes (customer products utilizing SurModics technology) already on the market generating royalties and 110 customer product. In November 2011, the Company sold SurModics Pharmaceuticals assets to Evonik Industries AG.
Sempra Energy's mission is to be North America's premier energy infrastructure company. With more than $60 billion in total assets at the end of 2019, the San Diego -based company is the utility holding company with the largest U.S. customer base. The Sempra Energy companies' more than 18,000 employees deliver energy with purpose to over 35 million consumers. The company is focused on the most attractive markets in North America, including California, Texas, Mexico and the LNG export market. Sempra Energy has been consistently recognized for its leadership in sustainability, and diversity and inclusion, and is a member of the S&P 500 Utilities Index and the Dow Jones Utility Index. The company was also named one of the "World's Most Admired Companies" for 2020 by Fortune Magazine. SOURCE Sempra Energy Related Links https://www.sempra.com
Sempra Energy 6% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Series A
Sempra Energy 6.75% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Series B
Sempra Energy 5.750% Junior Subordinated Notes due 2079
ServiceSource International, Inc. (ServiceSource), formerly ServiceSource International, LLC, is a service revenue management company. The Company manages the service contract renewals process for renewals of maintenance, support and subscription agreements on behalf of its customers. Its integrated solution consists of a suite of cloud applications, dedicated service sales teams working under its customers' brands and Service Revenue Intelligence Platform. By integrating software, managed services and data, it addresses the steps of the renewals process including data management, quoting, selling and service revenue business intelligence. It operates in three segments: NALA (North America and Latin America), EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and APJ (Asia Pacific-Japan). As of December 31, 2011, it managed over 120 engagements across approximately 70 customers. On March 24, 2011, GA SS Holding LLC and SSLLC Holdings, Inc were merged with and into ServiceSource.
Seritage Growth Properties is a publicly-traded, self-administered and self-managed REIT with 171 wholly-owned properties and 28 joint venture properties totaling approximately 31.6 million square feet of space across 44 states and Puerto Rico. The Company was formed to unlock the underlying real estate value of a high-quality retail portfolio it acquired from Sears Holdings in July 2015. The Company?€?s mission is to create and own revitalized shopping, dining, entertainment and mixed-use destinations that provide enriched experiences for consumers and local communities, and create long-term value for our shareholders. SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited) June 30, 2020 December 31, 2019 ASSETS Investment in real estate Land $ 633,287 $ 667,004 Buildings and improvements 1,128,051 1,112,653 Accumulated depreciation (136,518 ) (147,696 ) 1,624,820 1,631,961 Construction in progress 424,700 338,672 Net investment in real estate 2,049,520 1,970,633 Real estate held for sale 3,204 5,275 Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures 485,333 445,077 Cash and cash equivalents 81,675 139,260 Tenant and other receivables, net 65,278 54,470 Lease intangible assets, net 31,950 68,153 Prepaid expenses, deferred expenses and other assets, net 61,977 67,744 Total assets $ 2,778,937 $ 2,750,612 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities Term Loan Facility, net $ 1,598,698 $ 1,598,487 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 168,277 108,755 Total liabilities 1,766,975 1,707,242 Commitments and contingencies Shareholders' Equity Class A common shares $0.01 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 38,644,689 and 36,897,364 shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively 386 369 Class B common shares $0.01 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; 0 and 1,242,536 shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively ?€? 12 Series A preferred shares $0.01 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 2,800,000 shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019; liquidation preference of $70,000 28 28 Additional paid-in capital 1,178,268 1,149,721 Accumulated deficit (441,753 ) (418,711 ) Total shareholders' equity 736,929 731,419 Non-controlling interests 275,033 311,951 Total equity 1,011,962 1,043,370 Total liabilities and equity $ 2,778,937 $ 2,750,612 SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 2019 2020 2019 REVENUE Rental income $ 21,648 $ 38,697 $ 54,758 $ 82,275 Management and other fee income 171 1,814 378 2,096 Total revenue 21,819 40,511 55,136 84,371 EXPENSES Property operating 8,697 9,302 18,998 19,539 Real estate taxes 9,384 10,159 18,609 20,351 Depreciation and amortization 23,702 20,194 57,799 46,410 General and administrative 8,644 8,297 18,064 18,056 Total expenses 50,427 47,952 113,470 104,356 Gain on sale of real estate, net 52,064 11,612 72,852 32,873 Equity in loss of unconsolidated joint ventures (1,322 ) (9,944 ) (2,216 ) (8,722 ) Interest and other income 141 2,175 474 4,773 Interest expense (22,145 ) (22,141 ) (43,658 ) (45,595 ) Income (loss) before taxes 130 (25,739 ) (30,882 ) (36,656 ) Provision for taxes (26 ) (146 ) 11 (123 ) Net income (loss) 104 (25,885 ) (30,871 ) (36,779 ) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests (32 ) 8,982 10,279 12,909 Net income (loss) attributable to Seritage $ 72 $ (16,903 ) $ (20,592 ) $ (23,870 ) Preferred dividends (1,225 ) (1,225 ) (2,450 ) (2,450 ) Net loss attributable to Seritage common shareholders $ (1,153 ) $ (18,128 ) $ (23,042 ) $ (26,320 ) Net loss per share attributable to Seritage Class A and Class C common shareholders - Basic $ (0.03 ) $ (0.50 ) $ (0.61 ) $ (0.73 ) Net loss per share attributable to Seritage Class A and Class C common shareholders - Diluted $ (0.03 ) $ (0.50 ) $ (0.61 ) $ (0.73 ) Weighted average Class A and Class C common shares outstanding - Basic 38,634 36,291 37,933 35,983 Weighted average Class A and Class C common shares outstanding - Diluted 38,634 36,291 37,933 35,983 Reconciliation of Net Loss to NOI and Total NOI (in thousands) Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, NOI and Total NOI 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net income (loss) $ 104 $ (25,885 ) $ (30,871 ) $ (36,779 ) Termination fee income ?€? ?€? (990 ) ?€? Management and other fee income (171 ) (1,814 ) (378 ) (2,096 ) Depreciation and amortization 23,702 20,194 57,799 46,410 General and administrative expenses 8,644 8,297 18,064 18,056 Equity in loss of unconsolidated joint ventures 1,322 9,944 2,216 8,722 Gain on sale of real estate (52,064 ) (11,612 ) (72,852 ) (32,873 ) Interest and other income (141 ) (2,175 ) (474 ) (4,773 ) Interest expense 22,145 22,141 43,658 45,595 Provision for income taxes 26 146 (11 ) 123 Straight-line rent 2,694 (5,609 ) 5,395 (8,964 ) Above/below market rental income/expense (39 ) (143 ) (136 ) (247 ) NOI $ 6,222 $ 13,484 $ 21,420 $ 33,174 Unconsolidated joint ventures NOI (before adjustments) 1,514 2,849 2,816 7,159 Straight-line rent (100 ) (314 ) (271 ) 61 Above/below market rental income/expense (58 ) (1,374 ) (540 ) (1,471 ) Termination fee income (293 ) ?€? (293 ) ?€? Total NOI $ 7,285 $ 14,645 $ 23,132 $ 38,923 Reconciliation of Net Loss to FFO and Company FFO (in thousands) Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, FFO and Company FFO 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net income (loss) $ 104 $ (25,885 ) $ (30,871 ) $ (36,779 ) Real estate depreciation and amortization (consolidated properties) 23,201 19,800 56,788 45,375 Real estate depreciation and amortization (unconsolidated joint ventures) 2,597 12,755 4,441 15,382 Gain on sale of real estate (52,064 ) (11,612 ) (72,852 ) (32,873 ) Dividends on preferred shares (1,225 ) (1,225 ) (2,450 ) (2,450 ) FFO attributable to common shareholders and unitholders $ (27,387 ) $ (6,167 ) $ (44,944 ) $ (11,345 ) Termination fee income ?€? ?€? (990 ) ?€? Termination fee income (unconsolidated joint ventures) (293 ) ?€? (293 ) ?€? Amortization of deferred financing costs 105 105 211 223 Severance costs 425 ?€? 425 ?€? Company FFO attributable to common shareholders and unitholders $ (27,150 ) $ (6,062 ) $ (45,591 ) $ (11,122 ) FFO per diluted common share and unit $ (0.49 ) $ (0.11 ) $ (0.80 ) $ (0.20 ) Company FFO per diluted common share and unit $ (0.49 ) $ (0.11 ) $ (0.82 ) $ (0.20 ) Weighted Average Common Shares and Units Outstanding Weighted average common shares outstanding 38,634 36,291 37,933 35,983 Weighted average OP units outstanding 17,255 19,515 17,916 19,815 Weighted average common shares and units outstanding 55,889 55,806 55,849 55,798
Seritage Growth Properties 7.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest
RTI Surgical Holdings is a leading global surgical implant company providing surgeons with safe biologic, metal and synthetic implants. Committed to delivering a higher standard, RTI?€?s implants are used in sports medicine, plastic surgery, spine, orthopedic and trauma procedures and are distributed in over 50 countries. RTI has four manufacturing facilities throughout the U.S. and Europe. RTI is accredited in the U.S. by the American Association of Tissue Banks and is a member of AdvaMed.
Stoneridge, Inc., headquartered in Novi, Michigan, is an independent designer and manufacturer of highly engineered electrical and electronic components, modules and systems principally for the automotive, commercial vehicle, motorcycle, agricultural and off-highway vehicle markets.
MFC is a merchant bank that provides financial services and facilitates structured trade for corporations and institutions. We specialize in markets that are not adequately addressed by traditional sources of supply and finance, with an emphasis on providing solutions for small and medium sized enterprises. We operate in multiple geographies and industries.
Sprague Resources LP is a master limited partnership engaged in the purchase, storage, distribution and sale of refined petroleum products and natural gas. Sprague also provides storage and handling services for a broad range of materials. * Non-GAAP Financial Measures EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted gross margin are measures not defined by GAAP. Sprague defines EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. We define adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA increased for unrealized hedging losses and decreased by unrealized hedging gains (in each case with respect to refined products and natural gas inventory, prepaid forward contracts and natural gas transportation contracts), changes in fair value of contingent consideration, adjusted for the impact of acquisition related expenses, and when applicable, adjusted for the net impact of retroactive legislation that reinstates an excise tax credit program available for certain of our biofuel blending activities that had previously expired. We define adjusted gross margin as net sales less cost of products sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) decreased by total commodity derivative gains and losses included in net income (loss) and increased by realized commodity derivative gains and losses included in net income (loss), in each case with respect to refined products and natural gas inventory, prepaid forward contracts and natural gas transportation contracts. Adjusted gross margin has no impact on reported volumes or net sales. To manage Sprague's underlying performance, including its physical and derivative positions, management utilizes adjusted gross margin. Adjusted gross margin is also used by external users of our consolidated financial statements to assess our economic results of operations and its commodity market value reporting to lenders. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are used as supplemental financial measures by external users of our financial statements, such as investors, trade suppliers, research analysts and commercial banks to assess the financial performance of our assets, operations and return on capital without regard to financing methods, capital structure or historical cost basis; the ability of our assets to generate sufficient revenue, that when rendered to cash, will be available to pay interest on our indebtedness and make distributions to our equity holders; repeatable operating performance that is not distorted by non-recurring items or market volatility; and, the viability of acquisitions and capital expenditure projects. Sprague believes that investors benefit from having access to the same financial measures that are used by its management and that these measures are useful to investors because they aid in comparing its operating performance with that of other companies with similar operations. The adjusted EBITDA and adjusted gross margin data presented by Sprague may not be comparable to similarly titled measures at other companies because these items may be defined differently by other companies. Please see the attached reconciliations of net income to adjusted EBITDA and operating income to adjusted gross margin. With regard to guidance, reconciliation of non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA to the closest corresponding GAAP measure (expected net income (loss)) is not available without unreasonable efforts on a forward-looking basis due to the inherent difficulty and impracticality of forecasting certain amounts required by GAAP such as unrealized gains and losses on derivative hedges, which can have a significant and potentially unpredictable impact on our future GAAP financial results.
Sorrento is a clinical stage, antibody-centric, biopharmaceutical company developing new therapies to treat cancers. Sorrento's multimodal, multipronged approach to fighting cancer is made possible by its extensive immuno-oncology platforms, including key assets such as fully human antibodies ("G-MAB??? library"), clinical stage immuno-cellular therapies ("CAR-T", "DAR-T???"), antibody-drug conjugates ("ADCs"), and clinical stage oncolytic virus ("Seprehvir ?? "). Sorrento is also developing potential antiviral therapies and vaccines against coronaviruses, including COVI-GUARD???, COVI-AMG???, COVI-SHIELD??? and COVI-DROPS???; and diagnostic test solutions, including COVI-TRACK???, COVI-STIX??? and COVI-TRACE???. Sorrento's commitment to life-enhancing therapies for patients is also demonstrated by our effort to advance a first-in-class (TRPV1 agonist) non-opioid pain management small molecule, resiniferatoxin ("RTX"), and SP-102 (10 mg, dexamethasone sodium phosphate viscous gel) (SEMDEXA???), a novel, viscous gel formulation of a widely used corticosteroid for epidural injections to treat lumbosacral radicular pain, or sciatica, and to commercialize ZTlido?? (lidocaine topical system) 1.8% for the treatment of post-herpetic neuralgia. RTX has completed a phase IB trial for intractable pain associated with cancer and a phase 1B trial in osteoarthritis patients. SEMDEXA is in a pivotal Phase 3 trial for the treatment of lumbosacral radicular pain, or sciatica. ZTlido?? was approved by the FDA on February 28, 2018.
At Sarepta, we are leading a revolution in precision genetic medicine and every day is an opportunity to change the lives of people living with rare disease. The Company has built an impressive position in Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) and in gene therapies for limb-girdle muscular dystrophies (LGMDs), mucopolysaccharidosis type IIIA, Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT), and other CNS-related disorders, with more than 40 programs in various stages of development. The Company?€?s programs and research focus span several therapeutic modalities, including RNA, gene therapy and gene editing.

Scholar Rock Holding Corp
Sarissa Capital Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
StarTek, Inc. is a provider of business process outsourcing services. The Company's service suite includes sales, order management and provisioning, customer care, technical support, receivables management, and retention programs. The Company operates its business within three segments, based on the geographic regions in which its services are rendered: the U.S., Canada and Offshore. The Company's service offering includes customer care, sales support, complex order processing, accounts receivable management, technical and product support and other industry-specific processes. As of December 31, 2011, the U.S. segment included the operations of eight facilities in the U.S.; Canada segment included the operations of two facilities in Canada, and offshore segment included the operations of two facilities in the Philippines, one in Costa Rica and one in Honduras. In March 2013, the Company announced the acquisition of Ideal Dialogue, Co.
Sensus Healthcare, Inc. is a medical device company specializing in highly effective, non-invasive, minimally-invasive and cost-effective treatments for both oncological and non-oncological conditions. The Sculptura??? modulated robotic brachytherapy radiation oncology system provides targeted Directional Anisotropic Radiation Therapy (ART) and Brachytherapy utilizing our proprietary, state-of-the-art 3D Beam Sculpting??? to treat patients undergoing cancer treatment during surgery, or at the tumor site, fast and efficiently. Sensus also offers its proprietary low-energy X-ray technology known as superficial radiation therapy (SRT), which is the culmination of more than a decade of research and development, to treat non-melanoma skin cancers and keloids with its SRT-100???, SRT-100+??? and SRT-100 Vision??? systems. With its portfolio of innovative medical device products, Sensus provides revolutionary treatment options to enhance the quality of life of patients around the world.
South State Corporation is a financial services company headquartered in Columbia, South Carolina with approximately $15.9 billion in assets. South State Bank, the company?€?s primary subsidiary, provides consumer, commercial, mortgage, and wealth management solutions throughout the Carolinas, Georgia and Virginia. South State has served customers since 1934. About CenterState CenterState operates as one of the leading Southeastern regional bank franchises headquartered in the state of Florida. Both CenterState and its nationally chartered bank subsidiary, CenterState Bank, N.A. (the ?€?Bank?€?), are based in Winter Haven, Florida, between Orlando and Tampa. With over $17 billion in assets, the Bank provides traditional retail, commercial, mortgage, wealth management and SBA services throughout its Florida, Georgia and Alabama branch network and customer relationships in neighboring states. The Bank also has a national footprint, serving clients coast to coast through its correspondent banking division.
Summit State Bank, a local community bank, has total assets of $834 million and total equity of $73 million at September 30, 2020. Headquartered in Sonoma County, the Bank specializes in providing exceptional customer service and customized financial solutions to aid in the success of local small businesses and nonprofits throughout Sonoma County. Summit State Bank is committed to embracing the diverse backgrounds, cultures and talents of its employees to create high performance and support the evolving needs of its customers and community it serves. At the center of diversity is inclusion, collaboration, and a shared vision for delivering superior service and results for shareholders. Presently, 74% of management are women and minorities with 75% represented on the Executive Management Team. Through the engagement of its team, Summit State Bank has received many esteemed awards including: Best Business Bank, Corporate Philanthropy Award and Best Places to Work in the North Bay. Summit State Bank?€?s stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol SSBI.
Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc., headquartered in Pleasanton, California, through its subsidiary, Simpson Strong-Tie Company Inc., designs, engineers and is a leading manufacturer of wood construction products, including connectors, truss plates, fastening systems, fasteners and shearwalls, and concrete construction products, including adhesives, specialty chemicals, mechanical anchors, powder actuated tools and reinforcing fiber materials. The Company's common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "SSD."
STRATA Skin Sciences is a medical technology company in Dermatology and Plastic Surgery dedicated to developing, commercializing and marketing innovative products for the treatment of dermatologic conditions. Its products include the XTRAC?? excimer laser and VTRAC?? lamp systems utilized in the treatment of psoriasis, vitiligo and various other skin conditions. The Company?€?s proprietary XTRAC?? excimer laser delivers a highly targeted therapeutic beam of UVB light to treat psoriasis, vitiligo, eczema, atopic dermatitis and leukoderma; diseases which impact over 35 million patients in the United States alone. The technology is covered by multiple patents, including exclusive rights for patents for the delivery of treatments to vitiligo patients. STRATA?€?s unique business model leverages targeted Direct to Consumer (DTC) advertising to generate awareness and utilizes its in-house call center and insurance advocacy teams to increase volume for the Company?€?s partner dermatology clinics. The XTRAC business has used this proven DTC model to grow its domestic dermatology partner network to over 813 clinics, with a worldwide installed base of over 2,000 devices. The Company is able to offer 90% of DTC patients an introduction to physicians prescribing a reimbursable solution, using XTRAC, within a 10-mile radius of their house. The Company is a leader in dermatology in-clinic business generation for its partners.
Sasol is a global integrated chemicals and energy company spanning 30 countries. Through our talented people, we use selected technologies to safely and sustainably source, manufacture and market chemical and energy products globally. About Sasol's Information Privacy Policy: We wish to inform you about the processing of your Personal Information by Sasol South Africa Limited and your rights under applicable data protection law, as interpreted and included in Sasol Information Privacy Policy. Within our company, only Sasol Group Media Relations will receive your Personal Information to fulfil the purpose of maintaining the relationship with the receiver in his/her capacity as a member of the media. You have the right to request for the correction or deletion of your Personal Information stored by us at address: Sasol Place, 50 Katherine Street, Sandton in Johannesburg. You also have a right to restrict the processing of your Information. To exercise your privacy rights or find out more about Information Privacy Policy, kindly contact our Privacy Office on: [email??protected] SOURCE Sasol Limited
Syntax Stratified SmallCap
SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SS&C Holdings) is a holding company. SS&C Technologies, Inc. (SS&C) is its operating company and a wholly owned subsidiary of SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. The Company provides software products and software-enabled services, which allows financial services providers to automate business processes. Its software products and software-enabled services allows its clients to automate and integrate front-office functions, such as trading and modeling; middle-office functions, such as portfolio management and reporting, and back-office functions, such as accounting, performance measurement, reconciliation, reporting, processing and clearing. In October 2013, SS&C Technologies Holdings Inc acquired Prime Management Limited.
No Description Available
The E.W. Scripps Company is one of the nation's leading media companies, focused on creating a better-informed world through a portfolio of news, information and entertainment brands. Scripps will become the nation's largest television broadcaster, reaching 73% of U.S. television households through 108 stations in 76 markets, pending regulatory approval of its acquisition of ION Media. Committed to serving local audiences through objective journalism, Scripps operates 60 local TV stations in 42 markets. It is creating a national TV networks business that will include ION Media's entertainment programming, Newsy's straightforward headline and documentary news content and the five popular Katz broadcast networks including Bounce and Court TV. Scripps runs an award-winning investigative reporting newsroom in Washington, D.C., and is the longtime steward of the Scripps National Spelling Bee. Founded in 1878, Scripps has held for decades to the motto, "Give light and the people will find their own way." SOURCE The E.W. Scripps Company Related Links http://www.scripps.com

Silver Spike Acquisition Corp Units 1 Ord Share Class A & 12 War
Silver Spike Acquisition Corp Wt
Silver Standard is a Canadian-based precious metals producer with three operations, including the Marigold gold mine in Nevada, U.S., the Seabee Gold Operation in Saskatchewan, Canada and the 75% owned and operated Puna Operations joint venture in Jujuy Province, Argentina. We also have two feasibility stage projects and a portfolio of exploration properties in North and South America. We are committed to delivering safe production through relentless emphasis on Operational Excellence. We are also focused on growing production and Mineral Reserves through the exploration and acquisition of assets for accretive growth, while maintaining financial strength.
GSV Capital Corp. ( GSVC ) is a publicly traded investment fund that seeks to invest in high-growth, venture-backed private companies. The fund seeks to create a portfolio of high-growth emerging private companies via a repeatable and disciplined investment approach, as well as to provide investors with access to such companies through its publicly traded common stock. GSV Capital is headquartered in San Francisco, CA. www.gsvcap.com Contact GSV Capital Corp. (650) 235-4769 IR@gsvcap.com
ShotSpotter provides acoustic gunshot detection and precision-policing solutions to help law enforcement officials and security personnel prevent and reduce gun violence and make communities, campuses and facilities safer. The company?€?s flagship product, ShotSpotter ?? Flex ???, is the leading gunshot detection, location and forensic system trusted by over 100 cities. ShotSpotter ?? Connect ??? (previously known as ShotSpotter Missions???) uses artificial intelligence-driven analysis to dynamically direct patrol resources to areas of greatest risk and helps to improve officer accountability and deter crime. ShotSpotter has been designated a Great Place to Work ?? Company.
Shutterstock, Inc., directly and through its group subsidiaries, is a leading global provider of high-quality licensed photographs, vectors, illustrations, videos and music to businesses, marketing agencies and media organizations around the world. Working with its growing community of over 1 million contributors, Shutterstock adds hundreds of thousands of images each week, and currently has more than 350 million images and more than 20 million video clips available. Headquartered in New York City, Shutterstock has offices around the world and customers in more than 150 countries. The company's brands also include Bigstock, a value-oriented stock media offering; Shutterstock Custom, a custom content creation platform ; Offset, a high-end image collection ; PremiumBeat, a curated royalty-free music library; and Shutterstock Editorial, a premier source of editorial images and videos for the world's media.
Seaspan Corporation 7.125% Notes due 2027
SunLink Health Systems, Inc. (SunLink) is a provider of healthcare services in certain markets in the United States. The Company's has two segments: the Healthcare Facilities and the Specialty Pharmacy. As of June 30, 2012, the Company through its subsidiaries, operated a total of five community hospitals in three states. Four of the community hospitals are owned and one is leased. The Company operates two nursing homes in two states, and one home healthcare agency operated from one of its community hospitals. The Company's nursing homes have a total of 166 licensed beds. On July 2, 2012, the Company and its HealthMont of Georgia, Inc. subsidiary completed the sale of substantially of all the assets of the Company's owned hospital, Memorial to the Hospital Authority of Tift County, Georgia (Tift). In January 2013, the Company sold all the assets and the leasehold interest of its subsidiary, Dexter Hospital, LLC, to Southeast Health Center of Stoddard County, LLC.
For more than 30 years, Stratasys Ltd. has been a defining force and dominant player in 3D printing and additive manufacturing ?€? shaping the way things are made. Headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota and Rehovot, Israel, the company empowers customers across a broad range of vertical markets by enabling new paradigms for design and manufacturing. The company?€?s solutions provide customers with unmatched design freedom and manufacturing flexibility ?€? reducing time-to-market and lowering development costs, while improving designs and communications. Stratasys subsidiaries include MakerBot and Solidscape, and the Stratasys ecosystem includes 3D printers for prototyping and production; a wide range of 3D printing materials; parts on-demand via Stratasys Direct Manufacturing; strategic consulting and professional services; and the Thingiverse and GrabCAD communities with over 2 million 3D printable files for free designs. With more than 2,700 employees and 1200 granted or pending additive manufacturing patents, Stratasys has received more than 30 technology and leadership awards.
Sensata Technologies is a leading industrial technology company that develops sensors, sensor-based solutions, including controllers and software, and other mission-critical products to create valuable business insights for customers and end users. For more than 100 years, Sensata has provided a wide range of customized, sensor-rich solutions that address complex engineering requirements to help customers solve difficult challenges in the automotive, heavy vehicle & off-road, industrial and aerospace industries. With more than 20,000 employees and operations in 11 countries, Sensata?€?s solutions help to make products safer, cleaner and more efficient, electrified, and connected.
STAAR, which has been dedicated solely to ophthalmic surgery for over 30 years, designs, develops, manufactures and markets implantable lenses for the eye with companion delivery systems. These lenses are intended to provide visual freedom for patients, lessening or eliminating the reliance on glasses or contact lenses. All of these lenses are foldable, which permits the surgeon to insert them through a small incision. STAAR?€?s lens used in refractive surgery is called an Implantable Collamer?? Lens or ?€?ICL?€?, which includes the EVO Visian ICL??? product line. More than 1,000,000 Visian ?? ICLs have been implanted to date and STAAR markets these lenses in over 75 countries.
Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. is an international staffing sector engaged in the acquisition and integration of the United States and international staffing agencies. Staffing 360 Solutions seeks staffing agencies in the information technology (IT), financial, accounting, healthcare and cyber security industries. On April 26, 2013, it consummated (the Closing) the acquisition 100% of the issued and outstanding stock of The Revolution Group, Ltd. (TRG). In November 2013, the Company announced that it has closed the acquisition of Control Solutions International, Inc.
STAG Industrial, Inc. is a real estate investment trust focused on the acquisition, ownership and operation of single-tenant, industrial properties throughout the United States. As of September 30, 2020, the Company's portfolio consists of 462 buildings in 38 states with approximately 92.3 million rentable square feet.
Stag Industrial Inc. 6.875% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
iStar Financial Inc. operates as a finance and investment company focusing on the commercial real estate industry in the United States. The company provides custom-tailored investment capital to high-end private and corporate owners of real estate; and invests in a range of real estate sectors. It operates in four segments: Real Estate Finance, Net Lease, Operating Properties, and Land. The Real Estate Finance segment offers senior and mezzanine real estate loans; preferred equity investments, and senior and subordinated loans to corporations; and whole loans and loan participations. The Net Lease segment owns and leases corporate facilities to single creditworthy tenants. As of December 31, 2014, this segment owned 304 facilities comprising 18.7 million square feet in 33 states. The Operating Properties segment operates commercial properties consisting of office, retail, hotel, and other properties; and residential properties, including luxury condominium projects. This segment operated 29 commercial properties comprising 6.0 million square feet in 10 states; and 13 residential projects representing approximately 332 units located within luxury condominium projects in major cities in the United States. The Land segment owns a portfolio of land entitled for master planned communities (MPC), as well as for waterfront and urban infill land parcels. This segment owned 32 properties, including 11 MPC projects, 15 infill land parcels, and 6 waterfront land parcels. The company qualifies as a real estate investment trust (REIT) for federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, it generally would not be subject to federal corporate income taxes if it distributes at least 90% of its taxable income to its stockholders. iStar Financial Inc. was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
iStar Inc. Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
iStar Inc. Series G Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
iStar Inc. Series I Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
?? Extended Stay America, Inc. and its brand Extended Stay America ?? is the leading brand in the mid-priced extended-stay segment in the U.S. with 646 hotels. Extended Stay America?€?s subsidiary, ESH Hospitality, Inc. (?€?ESH?€?), is the largest lodging REIT in North America by unit and room count, with 563 hotels and more than 62,000 rooms in the U.S. Extended Stay America also manages or franchises an additional 84 Extended Stay America ?? hotels.
S&T Bancorp, Inc. (S&T) is a bank holding company and has three wholly owned subsidiaries, S&T Bank, 9th Street Holdings, Inc. and STBA Capital Trust I. The Company also owns certain interest in Commonwealth Trust Credit Life Insurance Company. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had approximately $3.4 billion in loans and $3.6 billion in deposits. S&T Bank is a full service bank. It provides its services to its customers through offices located in Allegheny, Armstrong, Blair, Butler, Cambria, Clarion, Clearfield, Indiana, Jefferson and Westmoreland counties of Pennsylvania. It operates in three segments: Community Banking, Wealth Management and Insurance. Its Community Banking segment offers services, which include accepting time and demand deposit accounts, originating commercial and consumer loans, and providing letters of credit and credit card services. The Wealth Management segment offers discount brokerage services, services as executor and trustee under wills and deeds.
Stewart Information Services Corporation (Stewart) is a customer-focused, global title insurance and real estate services company offering products and services through its direct operations, network of approved agencies and other companies within the Stewart family. Its business segments include title insurance and related services and mortgage services. It provides these services to homebuyers and sellers; residential and commercial real estate professionals; mortgage lenders and servicers; title agencies and real estate attorneys; home builders; and United States and foreign governments. Stewart also provides loan origination and servicing support; loan review services; loss mitigation; REO asset management; home and personal insurance services; and technology to streamline the real estate process. Its international division delivers products and services protecting and promoting private land ownership worldwide.
Steel Connect, Inc. is a diversified holding company with two wholly-owned subsidiaries, IWCO Direct Holdings, Inc. and ModusLink Corporation, that serve the direct marketing and supply chain management markets, respectively. IWCO Direct delivers highly-effective data-driven marketing solutions for its customers, which represent some of the largest and most respected brands in the world in markets such as insurance, financial services and multiple system operators (cable or direct broadcasting satellite TV systems). Its full range of services includes strategy, creative and execution for omnichannel marketing campaigns, along with one of the industry's most sophisticated postal logistics programs for direct mail. Through its Mail-Gard?? division, IWCO Direct also offers business continuity and disaster recovery services to protect against unexpected business interruptions, along with providing print and mail outsourcing services. IWCO Direct was named one of the largest direct mail production providers in North America, with the largest platform of continuous digital print technology and a growing direct marketing agency service. IWCO Direct's solutions enable customers to improve customer lifetime value, which in turn, has led to longer customer relationships. The company is ISO/IEC 27001 Information Security Management System (ISMS) certified through BSI, reflecting its commitment to data security. ModusLink is a leader in global supply chain business process management serving clients in markets such as consumer electronics, communications, computing, medical devices, software and retail. ModusLink designs and executes critical elements in its clients' global supply chains to improve speed to market, product customization, flexibility, cost, quality and service. These benefits are delivered through a combination of industry expertise, innovative service solutions, and integrated operations, proven business processes, an expansive global footprint and world-class technology. ModusLink also produces and licenses an entitlement management solution powered by its enterprise-class Poetic software, which offers a complete solution for activation, provisioning, entitlement subscription, and data collection from physical goods (connected products) and digital products. ModusLink has an integrated network of strategically located facilities with sites in various countries, including numerous sites throughout North America, Europe and Asia. ?€? Financial Tables Follow ?€? Steel Connect, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands) (unaudited) July 31, 2020 July 31, 2019 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 75,887 $ 32,548 Accounts receivable, trade, net 93,072 112,141 Inventories, net 15,354 23,674 Funds held for clients 18,755 13,516 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 20,475 31,445 Total current assets 223,543 213,324 Property and equipment, net 79,678 91,268 Goodwill 257,128 257,128 Other intangible assets, net 135,263 162,518 Operating right-of-use assets 56,140 ?€? Other assets 7,420 7,325 Total assets $ 759,172 $ 731,563 Liabilities: Accounts payable $ 70,002 $ 85,898 Accrued expenses 111,380 112,658 Funds held for clients 18,755 13,516 Current portion of long-term debt 5,527 5,732 Current lease obligations 14,318 127 Other current liabilities 29,950 38,919 Total current liabilities 249,932 256,850 Convertible note payable 8,054 7,432 Long-term debt, excluding current portion 365,468 368,505 Long-term lease obligations 43,211 ?€? Other long-term liabilities 8,509 10,898 Total liabilities 675,174 643,685 Contingently redeemable preferred stock 35,180 35,186 Total stockholders' equity 48,818 52,692 Total liabilities, contingently redeemable preferred stock and stockholders' equity $ 759,172 $ 731,563 Steel Connect, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) Three Months Ended July 31, Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2020 2019 Fav (Unfav) 2020 2019 Fav (Unfav) Net revenue: Products $ 89,956 $ 124,355 (27.7 )% $ 444,360 $ 486,902 (8.7 )% Services 74,901 80,116 (6.5 )% 338,453 332,928 1.7 % Total net revenue 164,857 204,471 (19.4 )% 782,813 819,830 (4.5 )% Cost of revenue 124,863 167,345 25.4 % 619,854 670,100 7.5 % Gross profit 39,994 37,126 7.7 % 162,959 149,730 8.8 % Gross profit margin 24.3 % 18.2 % 20.8 % 18.3 % Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative 23,997 62,376 61.5 % 103,261 144,078 28.3 % Amortization of intangible assets 6,536 7,277 10.2 % 27,255 30,446 10.5 % Loss on sale of property ?€? 571 100.0 % ?€? 485 100.0 % Total operating expenses 30,533 70,224 56.5 % 130,516 175,009 25.4 % Operating income (loss) 9,461 (33,098 ) 128.6 % 32,443 (25,279 ) 228.3 % Other expenses, net (7,932 ) (4,170 ) (90.2 )% (31,810 ) (36,820 ) 13.6 % Income (loss) before income taxes 1,529 (37,268 ) 104.1 % 633 (62,099 ) 101.0 % Income tax expense 1,889 713 (164.9 )% 5,917 4,670 (26.7 )% Gains on investments in affiliates, net of tax ?€? ?€? ?€? % ?€? (42 ) (100.0 )% Net loss (360 ) (37,981 ) 99.1 % (5,284 ) (66,727 ) 92.1 % Less: Preferred dividends on redeemable preferred stock (537 ) (532 ) (0.9 )% (2,129 ) (2,129 ) ?€? % Net loss attributable to common stockholders $ (897 ) $ (38,513 ) 97.7 % $ (7,413 ) $ (68,856 ) 89.2 % Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders $ (0.01 ) $ (0.63 ) 98.4 % $ (0.12 ) $ (1.13 ) 89.4 % Weighted average common shares used in basic and diluted loss per share 61,826 61,180 61,644 61,180 Steel Connect, Inc. and Subsidiaries Segment Data (in thousands) (unaudited) Three Months Ended July 31, Fiscal year ended July 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net revenue: Direct Marketing $ 89,956 $ 124,355 $ 444,360 $ 486,902 Supply Chain 74,901 80,116 338,453 332,928 $ 164,857 $ 204,471 $ 782,813 $ 819,830 Operating income (loss): Direct Marketing $ 561 $ (25,924 ) $ 12,940 $ (9,154 ) Supply Chain 9,144 (4,647 ) 27,952 (3,822 ) Total segment operating income (loss) 9,705 (30,571 ) 40,892 (12,976 ) Corporate-level activity (244 ) (2,527 ) (8,449 ) (12,303 ) Total operating income (loss) 9,461 (33,098 ) 32,443 (25,279 ) Total other expense (7,932 ) (4,170 ) (31,810 ) (36,820 ) Income (loss) before income taxes $ 1,529 $ (37,268 ) $ 633 $ (62,099 ) Steel Connect, Inc. and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures to GAAP Measures (in thousands) (unaudited) EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliations: Three Months Ended July 31, Fiscal year ended July 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net loss $ (360 ) $ (37,981 ) $ (5,284 ) $ (66,727 ) Interest income (23 ) (11 ) (61 ) (528 ) Interest expense 7,544 9,616 33,969 41,951 Income tax expense 1,889 713 5,917 4,670 Depreciation 5,835 5,726 23,075 22,058 Amortization of intangible assets 6,536 7,277 27,255 30,446 EBITDA 21,421 (14,660 ) 84,871 31,870 Strategic consulting and other related professional fees (50 ) 100 (50 ) 722 Executive severance and employee retention ?€? 312 534 387 Restructuring and restructuring-related expense (951 ) 57 (27 ) 57 Share-based compensation 139 93 720 1,267 Loss on sale of long-lived assets 369 571 414 485 Impairment of long-lived assets ?€? 2,546 ?€? 3,015 Unrealized foreign exchange (gains) losses, net 1,224 (1,835 ) (48 ) (115 ) Other non-cash gains, net (1,248 ) (4,494 ) (1,419 ) (4,265 ) Adjustments related to certain tax liabilities 3,968 32,070 1,936 32,070 Gains on investments in affiliates ?€? ?€? ?€? (42 ) Adjusted EBITDA $ 24,872 $ 14,760 $ 86,931 $ 65,451 Net revenue $ 164,857 $ 204,471 $ 782,813 $ 819,830 Adjusted EBITDA margin 15.1 % 7.2 % 11.1 % 8.0 % Free Cash Flow Reconciliation: Three Months Ended July 31, Fiscal year ended July 31, 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 11,573 $ 24,465 $ 71,624 $ 20,849 Additions to property and equipment (593 ) (2,699 ) (12,070 ) (14,539 ) Free cash flow $ 10,980 $ 21,766 $ 59,554 $ 6,310 Net Debt Reconciliation: July 31, 2020 July 31, 2019 Total debt, net 379,049 387,669 Unamortized discounts and issuance costs 7,863 8,396 Cash and cash equivalents (75,887 ) (32,548 ) Net debt 311,025 363,517 Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measurements In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the Company uses EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow and net debt, non-GAAP financial measures, to assess its performance. EBITDA represents earnings (loss) before interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization of intangible assets. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) excluding net charges related to interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, strategic consulting and other related professional fees, executive severance and employee retention, restructuring and restructuring-related expense, share-based compensation, (gain) loss on sale of long-lived assets, impairment of long-lived assets, unrealized foreign exchange (gains) losses, net, other non-cash (gains) losses, net, adjustments related to certain tax liabilities and (gains) losses on investments in affiliates. The Company defines free cash flow as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less additions to property and equipment, and defines net debt as the sum of total debt, net, prior to reductions for unamortized discounts and issuance costs, less cash and cash equivalents. We believe that providing these non-GAAP measurements to investors is useful, as these measures provide important supplemental information of our performance to investors and permit investors and management to evaluate the operating performance of our business. These measures provide useful supplemental information to management and investors regarding our operating results as they exclude certain items whose fluctuation from period-to-period do not necessarily correspond to changes in the operating results of our business. We use EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA in internal forecasts and models when establishing internal operating budgets, supplementing the financial results and forecasts reported to our Board of Directors, determining a component of certain incentive compensation for executive officers and other key employees based on operating performance, determining compliance with certain covenants in the Company's credit facilities, and evaluating short-term and long-term operating trends in our core business segments. We use free cash flow to conduct and evaluate our business because, although it is similar to cash flow from operations, we believe it is a useful measure of cash flows since purchases of property and equipment are a necessary component of ongoing operations, and similar to the use of net debt, assists management with its capital planning and financing considerations. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures assist in providing an enhanced understanding of our underlying operational measures to manage our core businesses, to evaluate performance compared to prior periods and the marketplace, and to establish operational goals. Further, we believe that these non-GAAP financial adjustments are useful to investors because they allow investors to evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by management in our financial and operational decision-making. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial information provided in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures may not be computed in the same manner as similarly titled measures used by other companies. Some of the limitations of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA include: EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debt; EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our tax expense or the cash requirements to pay our taxes; EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect historical capital expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and other companies in our industry may calculate EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA differently, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. In addition, net debt assumes the Company's cash and cash equivalents can be used to reduce outstanding debt without restriction, while free cash flow has limitations due to the fact that it does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures and excludes the Company's remaining investing activities and financing activities, including the requirement for principal payments on the Company's outstanding indebtedness. See reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures included in the financial tables of this release. Net Operating Loss Carryforwards The Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation includes provisions designed to protect the tax benefits of the Company's net operating loss carryforwards by preventing certain transfers of our securities that could result in an "ownership change" (as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code). Pursuant to the tax plan and subject to certain exceptions, if a stockholder (or group) becomes a 4.99-percent stockholder after adoption of the tax plan, certain rights attached to each outstanding share of our common stock would generally become exercisable and entitle stockholders (other than the new 4.99-percent stockholder or group) to purchase additional shares of the Company at a significant discount, resulting in substantial dilution in the economic interest and voting power of the new 4.99-percent stockholder (or group). In addition, under certain circumstances in which the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination after an non-exempt stockholder (or group) becomes a new 4.99-percent stockholder, each holder of a right (other than the new 4.99-percent stockholder or group) would then be entitled to purchase shares of the acquiring company's common stock at a discount. For further discussion of the Company's tax benefits preservation plan, please see the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").
STERIS?€?s MISSION IS TO HELP OUR CUSTOMERS CREATE A HEALTHIER AND SAFER WORLD by providing innovative healthcare and life science product and service solutions around the globe.
StepStone Group Inc - Class A
State Auto Financial Corporation, headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, is a super regional property and casualty insurance holding company. STFC stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, which represents the top fourth of all NASDAQ listed companies. The insurance subsidiaries of State Auto Financial Corporation are part of the State Auto Group. The State Auto Group markets its insurance products throughout the United States, through independent insurance agencies, which include retail agencies and wholesale brokers. The State Auto Group is rated A- (Excellent) by the A.M. Best Company and includes State Automobile Mutual, State Auto Property & Casualty, State Auto Ohio, State Auto Wisconsin, Milbank, Meridian Security, Patrons Mutual, Rockhill Insurance, Plaza Insurance, American Compensation and Bloomington Compensation.
Sunlands Online Education Group American Depositary Shares representing Class A
Northern Star Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Neuronetics Inc - Ordinary Shares
SunOpta Inc. is a leading global company focused on plant-based foods and beverages, fruit-based foods and beverages, and organic ingredient sourcing and production. SunOpta specializes in the sourcing, processing and packaging of organic, natural and non-GMO food products, integrated from seed through packaged products, with a focus on strategic vertically integrated business models.
The ONE Group Hospitality, Inc. is a global hospitality company that develops and operates upscale and polished casual, high-energy restaurants and lounges and provides hospitality management services for hotels, casinos and other high-end venues both nationally and internationally. The ONE Group?€?s focus is to be the global leader in Vibe Dining, and its primary restaurant brands are: STK, a modern twist on the American steakhouse concept with 20 restaurants in major metropolitan cities in the U.S., Europe and the Middle East; and, Kona Grill, a polished casual, bar-centric grill brand with 24 restaurants in the U.S., features American favorites, award-winning sushi, and specialty cocktails in an upscale casual atmosphere. ONE Hospitality, The ONE Group?€?s food and beverage hospitality services business, develops, manages and operates premier restaurants and turnkey food and beverage services within high-end hotels and casinos.
Sterling Bancorp, whose principal subsidiary is Sterling National Bank, specializes in the delivery of services and solutions to business owners, their families and consumers within the communities it serves through teams of dedicated and experienced relationship managers. Sterling National Bank offers a complete line of commercial, business, and consumer banking products and services.
Sterling Bancorp Depositary Shares Series A
Steel Dynamics, Inc. is a steel producer and metals recycler in the United States. The Company operates in three segments: steel operations, metals recycling and ferrous resources operations, and steel fabrication operations. As of December 31, 2012, the Company estimated annual steelmaking capability of 6.4 million tons and actual recycling volumes. During the year ended December 31, 2012, its metals recycling shipments were 5.6 million gross tons of ferrous materials and 1.1 billion pounds of nonferrous metallics. During 2012, the Company's steel shipments were 5.8 million tons. The primary sources of its revenues are from the manufacture and sale of steel products, processing and sale of recycled ferrous and nonferrous metals, and, to a lesser degree, fabrication and sale of steel joist and decking products.
ST is a global semiconductor leader delivering intelligent and energy-efficient products and solutions that power the electronics at the heart of everyday life. ST's products are found everywhere today, and together with our customers, we are enabling smarter driving and smarter factories, cities and homes, along with the next generation of mobile and Internet of Things devices. By getting more from technology to get more from life, ST stands for life.augmented. In 2019, the Company's net revenues were $9.56 billion, serving more than 100,000 customers worldwide.
Stamps.com is the leading provider of postage online and shipping software solutions to customers including consumers, small businesses, e-commerce shippers, enterprises, and high volume shippers. Stamps.com offers solutions that help businesses run their shipping operations more smoothly and function more successfully under the brand names Stamps.com, Endicia??, ShipStation??, ShipEngine??, ShippingEasy??, ShipWorks??, GlobalPost and Metapack???. Stamps.com?€?s family of brands provides seamless access to mailing and shipping services through integrations with more than 500 unique partner applications.
Communities are fundamental. Whether around the corner or across the globe, they provide a foundation, a sense of place and of belonging. That's why at Stantec, we always design with community in mind. We're designers, engineers, scientists, and project managers, innovating together at the intersection of community, creativity, and client relationships. Balancing these priorities results in projects that advance the quality of life in communities across the globe. Stantec trades on the TSX and the NYSE under the symbol STN.
Standard Financial Corp. owns Standard Bank (the Bank), a Pennsylvania-chartered savings bank. The Company's business consists primarily of accepting deposits from the general public and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, in commercial real estate loans, one- to four-family residential mortgage loans, home equity loans and lines of credit commercial business loans and investment securities. It also originates construction loans and consumer loans. The Company offers a variety of deposit accounts, including savings accounts, certificates of deposit, money market accounts, commercial and regular checking accounts and individual retirement accounts. The Company conducts its operations from its 10 branch offices, (nine of which are full-service) located in the Pennsylvania counties of Allegheny, Westmoreland and Bedford and Allegany County, Maryland.
StoneCo Ltd - Ordinary Shares - Class A
Scorpio Tankers Inc. is a provider of marine transportation of petroleum products worldwide. Scorpio Tankers Inc. currently owns, finance leases or bareboat charters-in 135 product tankers (42 LR2 tankers, 12 LR1 tankers, 63 MR tankers and 18 Handymax tankers) with an average age of 4.9 years.
Stoke Therapeutics Inc
StoneMor Partners L.P., headquartered in Trevose, Pennsylvania, is an owner and operator of cemeteries and funeral homes in the United States, with 321 cemeteries and 89 funeral homes in 27 states and Puerto Rico. StoneMor is the only publicly traded death care company structured as a partnership. StoneMor?€?s cemetery products and services, which are sold on both a pre-need (before death) and at-need (at death) basis, include: burial lots, lawn and mausoleum crypts, burial vaults, caskets, memorials, and all services which provide for the installation of this merchandise.
STORE Capital Corporation is an internally managed net-lease real estate investment trust, or REIT, that is the leader in the acquisition, investment and management of Single Tenant Operational Real Estate, which is its target market and the inspiration for its name. STORE Capital is one of the largest and fastest growing net-lease REITs and owns a large, well-diversified portfolio that consists of investments in more than 2,500 property locations across the United States, substantially all of which are profit centers.

Star Peak Energy Transition Corp - Warrants (11/08/2025)
Star Peak Energy Transition Corp
Strayer Education, Inc. provides post-secondary education services. The Company offers a range of academic programs through its wholly owned subsidiary Strayer University, Inc. (the University), both in classroom courses and online via the Internet. Strayer University is an institution of higher learning that offers undergraduate and graduate degree programs in business administration, accounting, information technology, education, health care, public administration and criminal justice at 92 physical campuses in Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Washington, D.C., and online. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had opened 78 of its campuses. The Company has also developed a robust online education program.
Sterling Construction Company, Inc., (?€?Sterling?€? or ?€?the Company?€?), a Delaware corporation, is a construction company that has been involved in the construction industry since its founding in 1955. The Company operates through a variety of subsidiaries within three operating groups specializing in heavy civil, specialty services, and residential projects in the United States (the ?€?U.S.?€?), primarily across the southern U.S., the Rocky Mountain States, California and Hawaii, as well as other areas with strategic construction opportunities. Heavy civil includes infrastructure and rehabilitation projects for highways, roads, bridges, airfields, ports, light rail, water, wastewater and storm drainage systems. Specialty services projects include construction site excavation and drainage, drilling and blasting for excavation, foundations for multi-family homes, parking structures and other commercial concrete projects. Residential projects include concrete foundations for single-family homes. Important Information for Investors and Stockholders Non-GAAP Measures This press release contains ?€?Non-GAAP?€? financial measures as defined under Regulation G of the amended U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company reports financial results in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (?€?GAAP?€?), but the Company believes that certain Non-GAAP financial measures provide useful supplemental information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the Company?€?s ongoing operations and are useful for period-over-period comparisons of those operations. Non-GAAP measures include adjusted net income, adjusted EPS, and adjusted EBITDA, in each case excluding the impacts of certain identified items. The excluded items represent items that the Company does not consider to be representative of its normal operations. The Company believes that these measures are useful for investors to review, because they provide a consistent measure of the underlying financial results of the Company?€?s ongoing business and, in the Company?€?s view, allow for a supplemental comparison against historical results and expectations for future performance. Furthermore, the Company uses each of these to measure the performance of the Company?€?s operations for budgeting, forecasting, as well as employee incentive compensation. However, Non-GAAP measures should not be considered as substitutes for net income, EPS, or other data prepared and reported in accordance with GAAP and should be viewed in addition to the Company?€?s reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of these Non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are provided in the tables included in this press release.
Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. is a leader in pre-bill revenue integrity solutions for healthcare providers. Our eValuator??? Revenue Integrity Program includes integrated solutions, technology-enabled services and analytics that drive compliant revenue across the enterprise. We share a common calling and commitment to advance the quality of life and the quality of healthcare - for society, our clients, the communities they serve, and the individual patient.
STROUDS INC
Stratus is a diversified real estate company engaged primarily in the acquisition, entitlement, development, management, operation and sale of commercial and multi-family and single-family residential real estate properties, and the operation of hotel and entertainment businesses located in the Austin, Texas area and other select, fast-growing markets in Texas.
STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION (STRATTEC) is a producer of automotive locks and keys. STRATTEC designs, develops, manufactures and markets mechanical locks, electronically enhanced locks and keys, and ignition lock housings; access control products, including latches, power sliding door systems, power lift gate systems, power deck lid systems, door handles and related access control products for North American and global automotive customers. STRATTEC ships products to customer locations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe, South America, Korea and China, and provides full service aftermarket support. STRATTEC also supplies products for the heavy truck and recreational vehicle markets, as well as precision die castings.
Satsuma Pharmaceuticals is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a novel therapeutic product candidate for the acute treatment of migraine. Its product candidate, STS101, is a drug-device combination of a proprietary dry-powder formulation of dihydroergotamine mesylate, or DHE, which is designed to be quickly and easily self-administered with a proprietary pre-filled, single-use, nasal delivery device. DHE products have long been recommended as a first-line therapeutic option for the acute treatment of migraine and have significant advantages over other therapeutics for many patients. However, broad use has been limited by invasive and burdensome administration and/or sub-optimal clinical performance of available injectable and liquid nasal spray products. STS101 is specifically designed to deliver the clinical advantages of DHE while overcoming these shortcomings. Satsuma is headquartered in South San Francisco, California with operations in both California and Research Triangle Park, North Carolina.
State Street Corporation is one of the world's leading providers of financial services to institutional investors including investment servicing, investment management and investment research and trading. With $36.6 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $3.1 trillion* in assets under management as of September 30, 2020, State Street operates globally in more than 100 geographic markets and employs approximately 39,000 worldwide.
State Street Corporation Depositary Shares Series D
State Street Corporation Depositary shares each representing a 1/4000th ownership interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative
Shattuck is a clinical-stage biotechnology company pioneering the development of bi-functional fusion proteins as a new class of biologic medicine for the treatment of patients with cancer and autoimmune disease. Compounds derived from Shattuck?€?s proprietary Agonist Redirected Checkpoint, ARC ??, platform simultaneously inhibit checkpoint molecules and activate costimulatory molecules within a single therapeutic. The company?€?s lead wholly owned program, SL-172154 (SIRP??-Fc-CD40L), which is designed to block the CD47 immune checkpoint and simultaneously agonize the CD40 pathway, is being evaluated in a Phase 1 trial. A second compound, SL-279252 (PD1-Fc-OX40L), is being evaluated in a Phase 1 trial in collaboration with??Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Additionally, the company is advancing a proprietary Gamma Delta T Cell Engager, GADLEN???, platform, which is designed to bridge gamma delta T cells to tumor antigens for the treatment of patients with cancer. Shattuck has offices in both??Austin, Texas and Durham, North Carolina.
Starwood Property Trust, is a leading diversified finance company with a core focus on the real estate and infrastructure sectors. An affiliate of global private investment firm Starwood Capital Group, the Company has successfully deployed over $65 billion of capital since inception and manages a portfolio of over $17 billion across debt and equity investments. Starwood Property Trust's investment objective is to generate attractive and stable returns for shareholders, primarily through dividends, by leveraging a premiere global organization to identify and execute on the best risk adjusted returning investments across its target assets.
ACON S2 Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
ACON S2 Acquisition Corp - Warrants (01/01/9999)
Seagate crafts the datasphere, helping to maximize humanity?€?s potential by innovating world-class, precision-engineered data management solutions with a focus on sustainable partnerships.
Spirit of Texas Bancshares Inc
Stereotaxis is the global leader in innovative robotic technologies designed to enhance the treatment of arrhythmias and perform endovascular procedures. Its mission is the discovery, development and delivery of robotic systems, instruments, and information solutions for the interventional laboratory. These innovations help physicians provide unsurpassed patient care with robotic precision and safety, improved lab efficiency and productivity, and enhanced integration of procedural information. The core components of Stereotaxis?€? systems have received regulatory clearance in the United States, European Union, Japan, Canada, China, and elsewhere.
At Constellation Brands (NYSE: STZ and STZ.B), our mission is to build brands that people love because we believe sharing a toast, unwinding after a day, celebrating milestones, and helping people connect, are Worth Reaching For. It?€?s worth our dedication, hard work, and the bold calculated risks we take to deliver more for our consumers, trade partners, shareholders, and communities in which we live and work. It?€?s what has made us one of the fastest-growing large CPG companies in the U.S. at retail, and it drives our pursuit to deliver what?€?s next. Today, we are a leading international producer and marketer of beer, wine, and spirits with operations in the U.S., Mexico, New Zealand, and Italy. Every day, people reach for our high-end, iconic imported beer brands such as Corona Extra, Corona Light, Corona Premier, Modelo Especial, Modelo Negra, and Pacifico, and our high-quality premium wine and spirits brands, including the Robert Mondavi Brand Family, Kim Crawford, Meiomi, The Prisoner Brand Family, SVEDKA Vodka, Casa Noble Tequila, and High West Whiskey. But we won?€?t stop here. Our visionary leadership team and passionate employees from barrel room to boardroom are reaching for the next level, to explore the boundaries of the beverage alcohol industry and beyond. Join us in discovering what?€?s Worth Reaching For.
Constellation Brands, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, produces, imports, and markets beer, wine, and spirits in the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, and Italy. The company sells wine across various categories, including table wine, sparkling wine, and dessert wine. Its wine brands include Arbor Mist, Black Box, Blackstone, Clos du Bois, Estancia, Franciscan Estate, Inniskillin, Kim Crawford, Mark West, Mount Veeder, Nobilo, Ravenswood, Rex Goliath, Robert Mondavi, Ruffino, Simi, Toasted Head, and Wild Horse; and Spirits Brands comprise Black Velvet Canadian Whisky and Svedka Vodka. The company offers its products to wholesale distributors, retailers, on-premise locations, and government alcohol beverage control agencies. Constellation Brands, Inc. was founded in 1945 and is headquartered in Victor, New York.
Suncor Energy is Canada's leading integrated energy company. Suncor's operations include oil sands development and upgrading, onshore and offshore oil and gas production, petroleum refining, and product marketing under the Petro-Canada brand. A member of Dow Jones Sustainability indexes, FTSE4Good and CDP, Suncor is working to responsibly develop petroleum resources while also growing a renewable energy portfolio. Suncor is listed on the UN Global Compact 100 stock index and the Corporate Knights?€? Global 100. Suncor's common shares are listed on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges.
Sun Communities, Inc. is a REIT that, as of September 30, 2020, owned, operated, or had an interest in a portfolio of 432 communities comprising nearly 146,000 developed sites in 32 states and Ontario, Canada.
Summit Materials is a leading vertically integrated materials-based company that supplies aggregates, cement, ready-mix concrete and asphalt in the United States and British Columbia, Canada. Summit is a geographically diverse, materials-based business of scale that offers customers a single-source provider of construction materials and related downstream products in the public infrastructure, residential and nonresidential end markets. Summit has a strong track record of successful acquisitions since its founding and continues to pursue growth opportunities in new and existing markets.
Sumo Logic Inc
Summer Infant, Inc., is a designer, marketer, and distributor of juvenile health, safety and wellness products, which are sold to North American and the United Kingdom retailers. It markets products in various product categories including nursery audio/video monitors, safety gates, durable bath products, bed rails, nursery products, booster and potty seats, bouncers, travel accessories, high chairs, swings, feeding products, car seats, and nursery furniture. The products of the Company are sold to the United States retailers, including Babies R Us, Target, KMart, Wal-Mart, Buy Buy Baby and Amazon.com. The wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company include Summer Infant (USA), Inc., Summer Infant Europe, Limited (SIE), Summer Infant Canada, Ltd. (SIC) and Summer Infant Asia, Ltd. (SIA). On March 24, 2011, the Company completed the acquisition of BornFree Holdings Ltd. In June 2013, Summer Infant Inc acquired the assets of Little Looster, LLC.
Sunoco LP??is a master limited partnership with core operations that include the distribution of motor fuel to approximately 10,000 convenience stores, independent dealers, commercial customers and distributors located in more than 30 states as well as refined product transportation and terminalling assets. SUN's general partner is owned by Energy Transfer Operating, L.P., a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Transfer LP (NYSE: ET ).
Solar Senior Capital Ltd. is a business development company specializing in investments in leveraged, middle-market companies in the United States. The fund invests in the form of senior secured loans, including first lien, unitranche, and second lien debt instruments. It does not invest in start-up companies or companies having speculative business plans. The fund prefers debt investments between $5 million and $30 million in companies with EBITDA between $20 million and $60 million.

Superior is one of the world?€?s leading aluminum wheel suppliers. Superior?€?s team collaborates and partners with customers to design, engineer, and manufacture a wide variety of innovative and high-quality products utilizing the latest lightweighting and finishing technologies. Superior also maintains leading aftermarket brands including ATS??, RIAL??, ALUTEC??, and ANZIO??. Headquartered in Southfield, Michigan, Superior is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products for the treatment of central nervous system (CNS) diseases. The Company markets Trokendi XR?? (extended-release topiramate) for the prophylaxis of migraine and the treatment of epilepsy; Oxtellar XR?? (extended-release oxcarbazepine) for the treatment of epilepsy; APOKYN?? (apomorphine hydrochloride injection) for the acute treatment of hypomobility in advanced Parkinson?€?s disease (PD); MYOBLOC?? (rimabotulinumtoxinB) for the treatment of cervical dystonia and treatment of chronic sialorrhea in adults; and XADAGO?? (safinamide) as an adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa in PD patients with hypomobility. The Company is also developing several product candidates to address large market opportunities in the CNS market, including SPN-812 for the treatment of ADHD; SPN-830 (apomorphine infusion pump) for the continuous treatment of motor fluctuations (?€?on-off?€? episodes) in PD; SPN-820 for treatment-resistant depression; and SPN-817 for the treatment of epilepsy. See full Prescribing Information for our products here: Troke n di XR, Oxte l lar XR, APOKY N, MY O BLOC, and XADA G O. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Grupo Supervielle S.A. (?€?Supervielle?€?) is a universal financial services group located in Argentina that owns the eleventh largest bank in terms of loans. Headquartered in Buenos Aires, Supervielle offers retail and corporate banking, treasury, consumer finance, insurance, asset management and other products and services nationwide to a broad customer base including: individuals, small and medium-sized enterprises and medium to large-sized companies. With origins dating back to 1887, Supervielle operates through a multi-brand and multi-channel platform with a strategic national footprint. As of March 31, 2020, Supervielle had 316 access points and 1.8 million active customers. As of March 31, 2020, Grupo Supervielle had 456,722,322 shares outstanding and a free float of 64.9%.
Surface Oncology Inc
Suzano Papel e Celulose SA, formerly Suzano Bahia Sul Papel e Celulose SA, is a Brazil-based company engaged in the production and distribution of pulp and paper products. The Company is involved in the manufacture and commercialization, in Brazil and abroad, of paper and hardwood pulp from eucalyptus, as well as in the formation and exploration of eucalyptus forests. It has manufacturing facilities in Brazilian states of Bahia and Sao Paulo. The Company is active in five continents: Asia, Europe, North America, South America and Africa. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had a number of subsidiaries, such as Comercial e Agricola Paineiras Ltda, Suzano Trading Ltd, Suzano America Inc, Bahia Sul Holdings GmbH and Suzano Pulp and Paper Europe SA, among others. As of December 31, 2011, Suzano Holding SA was the major shareholder of the Company.
Sinovac Biotech Ltd. is a China-based biopharmaceutical company that focuses on the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of vaccines that protect against human infectious diseases. Sinovac?€?s product portfolio includes vaccines against enterovirus71 (EV71), hepatitis A and B, seasonal influenza, Quadrivalent Influenza vaccine (?€?QIV?€?), H5N1 pandemic influenza (avian flu), H1N1 influenza (swine flu), varicella vaccine and mumps. Healive, the hepatitis A vaccine manufactured by the Company, has passed the assessment under WHO prequalification procedures in 2017. The EV71 vaccine, an innovative vaccine developed by Sinovac against hand foot and mouth disease caused by EV71, was commercialized in China in 2016. In 2009, Sinovac was the first company worldwide to receive approval for its H1N1 influenza vaccine, which it has supplied to the Chinese Government?€?s vaccination campaign and stockpiling program. The Company is also the only supplier of the H5N1 pandemic influenza vaccine to the government stockpiling program. The Company is developing a number of new products including a Sabin-strain inactivated polio vaccine, pneumococcal polysaccharides vaccine, and a SARS-CoV-2 (commonly referred to as COVID-19) vaccine. Sinovac primarily sells its vaccines in China, while also exploring growth opportunities in international markets. The Company is registering its products in over 30 countries outside of China.

Starboard Value Acquisition Corp. (the ?€?Company?€? or ?€?SVAC?€?) is a newly incorporated blank check company whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. The Company?€?s sponsor, SVAC Sponsor LLC (the ?€?Sponsor?€?), is an affiliate of Starboard Value LP (?€?Starboard?€?). While the Company may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any industry or sector, it intends to focus on industries that align with the background and experience of its Sponsor and industry advisors. These industries include the technology, healthcare, consumer, industrials and hospitality & entertainment sectors.
Starboard Value Acquisition Corp - Warrants (10/09/2025)
Severn Bancorp, Inc. (Bancorp) is a savings and loan holding company. The Company conducts business primarily through two subsidiaries, Severn Savings Bank, FSB (Bank) and SBI Mortgage Company (SBI). The Bank's principal subsidiary Louis Hyatt, Inc. (Hyatt Commercial), conducts business as Hyatt Commercial, a commercial real estate brokerage and property management company. The Bank operates as a federally chartered savings bank whose principal business is attracting deposits from the general public and investing those funds in mortgage and commercial loans. The Bank also uses advances, or loans, from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta, (FHLB-Atlanta) to fund its mortgage activities. The Bank provides a range of retail and mortgage banking services. Deposit services include checking, savings, money market, time deposit and individual retirement accounts. Loan services include various types of real estate, consumer, and commercial lending.
Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) is a real estate investment trust (REIT). As of December 31, 2012, the Company owned or leased 289 hotels with 43,404 rooms or suites, and 185 travel centers. The Company operates in two segments: hotel real estate investments and travel center real estate investments. As of December 31, 2012, the Company's hotels were operated as Courtyard by Marriott, Candlewood Suites, Staybridge Suites, Residence Inn by Marriott, Crowne Plaza Hotels & Resorts, Hawthorn Suites, Hyatt Place, InterContinental Hotels & Resorts, Marriott Hotels and Resorts, Radisson Hotels & Resorts, Royal Sonesta, Sonesta, Sonesta ES Suites, TownePlace Suites by Marriott, Country Inns & Suites by Carlson, Holiday Inn Hotels & Resorts, SpringHill Suites by Marriott, Park Plaza Hotels & Resorts, Wyndham Hotels & Resorts, and the Clift Hotel. As of December 31, 2012, the Company owned 185 travel centers.
Silvercorp is a profitable Canadian mining company producing silver, lead and zinc metals in concentrates from mines in China. The Company?€?s goal is to continuously create healthy returns to shareholders through efficient management, organic growth and the acquisition of profitable projects. Silvercorp balances profitability, social and environmental relationships, employees?€? wellbeing, and sustainable development.
SVMK Inc - Ordinary Shares
Savara is an orphan lung disease company with a pipeline comprised of three investigational compounds, all of which use an inhaled delivery route. Our lead program, Molgradex (molgramostim nebulizer solution), is an inhaled granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) in Phase 3 development for autoimmune pulmonary alveolar proteinosis (aPAP). Apulmiq is an inhaled ciprofloxacin in Phase 3 development for non-cystic fibrosis bronchiectasis (NCFB). AeroVanc is an inhaled vancomycin in Phase 3 development for persistent methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) lung infection in people living with cystic fibrosis. Savara?€?s strategy involves broadening its pipeline through indication expansion, strategic development partnerships and product acquisitions, with the goal of becoming a leading company in its field. Our management team has significant experience in orphan drug development and pulmonary medicine, identifying unmet needs, developing and acquiring new product candidates, and effectively advancing them to approval and commercialization.
Servotronics, Inc. is engaged in the design, manufacture and marketing of advanced technology products consisting primarily of control components and consumer products consisting of knives and various types of cutlery and other edged products. The Company designs, manufactures and markets a variety of servo-control components, which convert an electrical current into a mechanical force or movement and other related products. The principal servo-control components produced include torque motors, electromagnetic actuators, hydraulic valves, pneumatic valves and similar devices, all of which perform the same general function. The Company designs, manufactures and sells a variety of cutlery products. It also produces and markets other cutlery items, such as various specialty tools. In September 2012, the assets of its subsidiary, Queen Cutlery Company, a Pennsylvania facility located in Titusville, Pennsylvania, were sold.
Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc. is a publicly traded venture capital fund that invests in technology and cleantech companies.
ShockWave Medical Inc Ordinary Shares

Switch Inc. Class A
SolarWinds is a leading provider of powerful and affordable IT management software. Our products give organizations worldwide?€?regardless of type, size, or complexity?€?the power to monitor and manage their IT services, infrastructures, and applications; whether on-premises, in the cloud, or via hybrid models. We continuously engage with technology professionals?€?IT service and operations professionals, DevOps professionals, and managed services providers (MSPs)?€?to understand the challenges they face in maintaining high-performing and highly available IT infrastructures and applications. The insights we gain from them, in places like our THWACK community, allow us to solve well-understood IT management challenges in the ways technology professionals want them solved. Our focus on the user and commitment to excellence in end-to-end hybrid IT management has established SolarWinds as a worldwide leader in solutions for network and IT service management, application performance, and managed services.
Sierra Wireless (TSX: SW) is the leading IoT solutions provider that combines devices, network and software to unlock value in the connected economy. Companies globally are adopting IoT to improve operational efficiency, create better customer experiences, improve their business models and create new revenue streams. Whether it is a solution to help a business securely connect edge devices to the cloud, or a software/API solution to help manage processes associated with billions of connected assets, or a platform to extract real-time data to make the best business decisions, Sierra Wireless will work with you to create the right industry-specific solution for your next IoT endeavor. Sierra Wireless has more than 1,300 employees globally and operates R&D centers in North America, Europe and Asia.
& Decker Stanley Black & Decker is a $14 billion revenue, purpose-driven industrial organization. Stanley Black & Decker has 54,000 employees in more than 60 countries and operates the world's largest tools and storage business, the world's second largest commercial electronic security company, a leading engineered fastening business as well as Oil & Gas and Infrastructure businesses. The company's iconic brands include Black & Decker, Bostitch, CRAFTSMAN, DEWALT, FACOM, Irwin, Lenox, Porter Cable and Stanley. Stanley Black & Decker is a company for the makers and innovators, the craftsmen and the caregivers, and those doing the hard work to make the world a better place. SOURCE Stanley Black & Decker Related Links www.stanleyblackanddecker.com
SWK Holdings Corporation is a specialized finance company with a focus on the global healthcare sector. SWK partners with ethical product marketers and royalty holders to provide flexible financing solutions at an attractive cost of capital to create long-term value for both SWK's business partners and its investors. SWK believes its financing structures achieve an optimal partnership for companies, institutions and inventors seeking capital for expansion or capital and estate planning by allowing its partners to monetize future cash flow with minimal dilution to their equity stakes. SWK also owns Enteris Biopharma, whose core Peptelligence??? drug delivery technology creates oral formulations of peptide-based and BCS class II, III, and IV small molecules. With Enteris, SWK has the opportunity to grow its specialty finance business by actively building a wholly-owned portfolio of milestones and royalties through licensing activities.
Skyworks Solutions, Inc. is empowering the wireless networking revolution. Our highly innovative analog semiconductors are connecting people, places and things spanning a number of new and previously unimagined applications within the aerospace, automotive, broadband, cellular infrastructure, connected home, industrial, medical, military, smartphone, tablet and wearable markets. Skyworks is a global company with engineering, marketing, operations, sales and support facilities located throughout Asia, Europe and North America and is a member of the S&P 500 ?? and Nasdaq-100 ?? market indices.
Schweitzer-Mauduit International, Inc. is a diversified producer of specialty papers. It operates in two segments: Paper and Reconstituted Tobacco. It manufactures and sells paper and reconstituted tobacco products to the tobacco industry, as well as specialized paper products for use in other applications. The primary products in the group include cigarette, plug wrap and base tipping papers, or cigarette papers, used to wrap various parts of a cigarette and reconstituted tobacco leaf (RTL), which is used as a blend with virgin tobacco in cigarettes, reconstituted tobacco wrappers and binders for cigars. Paper segment primarily produces Cigarette Papers, such as cigarette (including LIP), plug wrap and base tipping papers used to wrap various parts of a cigarette for sale to cigarette manufacturers. The Reconstituted Tobacco segment produces RTL and wrapper and binder products for sale to cigarette and cigar manufacturers.
Southwestern Energy Company is an independent energy company engaged in natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil exploration, development, production and marketing.
Stanley Black & Decker Inc Unit
SpringWorks is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company applying a precision medicine approach to acquiring, developing and commercializing life-changing medicines for underserved patient populations suffering from devastating rare diseases and cancer. SpringWorks has a differentiated portfolio of small molecule targeted oncology product candidates and is advancing two potentially registrational clinical trials in rare tumor types, as well as several other programs addressing highly prevalent, genetically defined cancers. SpringWorks?€? strategic approach and operational excellence in clinical development have enabled it to rapidly advance its two lead product candidates into late-stage clinical trials while simultaneously entering into multiple shared-value partnerships with industry leaders to expand its portfolio.
Southwest Gas Corporation (Southwest) is engaged in the business of purchasing, distributing and transporting natural gas to residential, commercial and industrial customers in the southwestern United States. The Company is composed of two business segments: natural gas operations (natural gas operations segment) and construction services. Southwest is also the distributor of natural gas in Nevada, serving the Las Vegas metropolitan area and northern Nevada. In addition, Southwest distributes and transports natural gas in portions of California, including the Lake Tahoe area and the high desert and mountain areas in San Bernardino County. NPL Construction Co. (NPL), a wholly owned subsidiary of Southwest, is a full-service underground piping contractor that primarily provides utility companies with trenching and installation, replacement, and maintenance services for energy distribution systems.
SunCoke Energy, Inc. (SunCoke), is an independent producer of coke, a principal raw material in the integrated steelmaking process. The Company has United States cokemaking operations in Virginia, Indiana, Ohio and Illinois. Outside the United States, SunCoke has cokemaking operations in Vitoria, Brazil and Odisha, India. The Company's coal mining operations, which have more than 110 million tons of proven and probable reserves, are located in Virginia and West Virginia. In January 2012, SunCoke Energy, Inc. was spun off from Sunoco, Inc.
Standex International Corporation is a global multi-industry manufacturer in five broad business segments: Electronics, Engraving, Scientific, Engineering Technologies, and Specialty Solutions with operations in the United States, Europe, Canada, Japan, Singapore, Mexico, Brazil, Turkey, South Africa, India and China.
Sensient Technologies Corporation is a global manufacturer and marketer of colors, flavors and fragrances. Sensient uses advanced technologies at facilities around the world to develop specialty food and beverage systems, cosmetic and pharmaceutical systems, inkjet and specialty inks and colors, and other specialty and chemicals. The Company's customers include international manufacturers representing some of the Known brands. The Company operates in two segments: Flavors & Fragrances Group and the Color Group. The Asia Pacific and the China Groups are included in the Corporate & Other category, along with the Company's corporate expenses. The Company's principal products include: flavors, flavor enhancers and bionutrients; fragrances and aroma chemicals; dehydrated vegetables and other food ingredients; natural and synthetic food and beverage colors; cosmetic and pharmaceutical colors and additives; and technical colors, inkjet colors and inks, and specialty dyes and pigments.
China SXT Pharmaceuticals Inc - Ordinary Shares
SYBASE INC
Louisville, Kentucky-based Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc., with $4.3 billion in assets, was incorporated in 1998 as a bank holding company. It is the parent company of Stock Yards Bank & Trust Company that was established in 1904 and has 40 bank offices in the Louisville, Indianapolis and Cincinnati metropolitan areas, offering banking services to individuals, families, small businesses and corporations as well as wealth management and trust services to its customers. Contact: Nick Papachristou Senior Vice President, Director of Marketing (502) 625-0390
Synlogic is pioneering the development of a novel class of living treatments, Synthetic BioticTM medicines, based on its proprietary drug development platform. Synlogic's initial pipeline includes Synthetic Biotic medicines for the treatment of rare genetic diseases, such as Urea Cycle Disorder (UCD) and Phenylketonuria (PKU). In addition, the company is leveraging the broad potential of its platform to create Synthetic Biotic medicines for the treatment of more common diseases, including liver disease, inflammatory and immune disorders, and cancer. Synlogic is collaborating with AbbVie to develop Synthetic Biotic-based treatments for inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). For more information, please visit synlogictx.com.
Synchrony is a premier consumer financial services company. We deliver a wide range of specialized financing programs, as well as innovative consumer banking products, across key industries including digital, retail, home, auto, travel, health and pet. Synchrony enables our partners to grow sales and loyalty with consumers. We are one of the largest issuers of private label credit cards in the United States ; we also offer co-branded products, installment loans and consumer financing products for small- and medium-sized businesses, as well as healthcare providers. Synchrony is changing what's possible??through our digital capabilities, deep industry expertise, actionable data insights, frictionless customer experience and customized financing solutions.
Stryker is one of the world?€?s leading medical technology companies and, together with its customers, is driven to make healthcare better. The company offers innovative products and services in Orthopaedics, Medical and Surgical, and Neurotechnology and Spine that help improve patient and hospital outcomes.
Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (?€?SYKES?€? or ?€?the Company?€?) is a leading provider of multi-channel demand generation and global customer engagement services. The Company provides differentiated full lifecycle customer engagement solutions and services primarily to Global 2000 companies and their end customers principally in the financial services, communications, technology, transportation & leisure and healthcare industries. SYKES?€? differentiated full lifecycle management services platform effectively engages customers at every touchpoint within the customer journey, including digital marketing and acquisition, sales expertise, customer service, technical support and retention, many of which can be optimized by a suite of robotic process automation (?€?RPA?€?) and artificial intelligence (?€?AI?€?) solutions. The Company serves its clients through two geographic operating regions: the Americas (United States, Canada, Latin America, South Asia and Asia Pacific) and EMEA (Europe, the Middle East and Africa). Its Americas and EMEA regions primarily provide customer-engagement solutions and services with an emphasis on inbound multichannel demand generation,??customer service and technical support to its clients?€? customers. These services are delivered through multiple communication channels including phone, email, social media, text messaging, chat and digital self-service. The Company also provides various enterprise support services in the United States that include services for its clients?€? internal support operations, from technical staffing services to outsourced corporate help desk services. In Europe, the Company provides fulfillment services, which includes order processing, payment processing, inventory control, product delivery and product returns handling. Additionally, through the acquisition of RPA provider Symphony Ventures Ltd (?€?Symphony?€?) coupled with its investment in AI through XSell Technologies, Inc. (?€?XSell?€?), the Company also provides a suite of solutions such as consulting, implementation, hosting and managed services that optimizes its differentiated full lifecycle management services platform. SYKES?€? complete service offering helps its clients acquire, retain and increase the lifetime value of their customer relationships. The Company has developed an extensive global reach with customer engagement centers across six continents, including North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Australia and Africa. It delivers cost-effective solutions that generate demand, enhance the customer service experience, promote stronger brand loyalty, and bring about high levels of performance and profitability.
Synthetic Biologics, Inc., formerly Adeona Pharmaceuticals, Inc., is a biotechnology company focused on the development of synthetic deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA)-based therapeutics and disease-modifying medicines for serious illnesses. Its initial synthetic biologic product candidate is intended to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) by delivering therapeutic DNA to the lungs of PAH patients and controlling long-term expression of such DNA via an oral daily pill. In addition, the Company has several small molecule clinical-stage programs. In this area the Company is developing, or have partnered the development of, product candidates to treat relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (MS), cognitive dysfunction in MS, fibromyalgia and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). TrimestaTM (oral estriol) is also being developed for the treatment of cognitive dysfunction in female MS patients.
Synaptics is pioneering the relationship between people and intelligent devices, bringing innovative and intuitive user experiences for the premium market. Synaptics?€? broad portfolio of touch, display, biometrics, voice, video, vision, AI, audio and connectivity products are built on the company?€?s rich R&D, extensive IP and dependable supply chain capabilities. With solutions designed for the smart home, smartphones, PC and peripherals, and automotive markets, Synaptics combines ease of use, functionality and aesthetics to enable products that help make our digital lives more productive, secure and enjoyable. Follow Synaptics on LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook, or visit synaptics.com. About the City of San Jos?? With more than one million residents, San Jos?? is one of the most diverse large cities in the United States and is Northern California?€?s largest city and the 10th largest city in the nation. San Jos???€?s transformation into a global innovation center has resulted in one of the largest concentrations of technology companies and expertise in the world. In 2011, the City adopted Envision San Jos?? 2040, a long-term growth plan that sets forth a vision and a comprehensive road map to guide the City?€?s anticipated growth through the year 2040. About the Community Energy Department San Jos?? Clean Energy is the new electricity generation service provider for residents and businesses in the City of San Jos??, operated by the City?€?s Community Energy Department. Governed by the City Council, it provides over 328,000 residential and commercial electricity customers with cleaner, lower carbon power options at competitive prices, from sources like solar, wind and hydropower.
Synacor is a cloud-based software and services company serving global video, internet and communications providers, device manufacturers, governments and enterprises. Synacor?€?s mission is to enable its customers to better engage with their consumers. Its customers use Synacor?€?s technology platforms and services to scale their businesses and extend their subscriber relationships. Synacor delivers managed portals, advertising solutions, email and collaboration platforms, and cloud-based identity management.
Syneos Health Inc
Synalloy Corporation is a growth oriented company that engages in a number of diverse business activities including the production of stainless steel pipe and tube, galvanized pipe and tube, fiberglass and steel storage tanks, specialty chemicals and the master distribution of seamless carbon pipe and tubing.
Sypris Solutions, Inc. (SYPR) is a provider of outsourced services and specialty products. The Company performs a range of manufacturing, engineering, design and other technical services, typically under multi-year, sole-source contracts with corporations and government agencies principally in the markets for industrial manufacturing and aerospace and defense electronics. It organized into two business groups: Industrial Manufacturing Group and the Electronics Group. Through its Industrial Group, the Company is a supplier of forged and machined components, serving the commercial vehicle, offs highway vehicle, light truck and energy markets in North America. Its Electronics Group is organized around two primary business lines: Information Security Solutions (ISS) and Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS).
Syros is redefining the power of small molecules to control the expression of genes. Based on its unique ability to elucidate regulatory regions of the genome, Syros aims to develop medicines that provide a profound benefit for patients with diseases that have eluded other genomics-based approaches. Syros is advancing a robust pipeline, including SY-1425, a first-in-class oral selective RAR?? agonist in a Phase 2 trial in a genomically defined subset of acute myeloid leukemia patients, and SY-5609, a highly selective and potent oral CDK7 inhibitor in a Phase 1 trial in patients with select solid tumors. Syros also has multiple preclinical and discovery programs in oncology and monogenic diseases.
Siyata Mobile Inc
Siyata Mobile Inc - Warrants (25/09/2025)
Systemax Inc. (www.systemax.com), through its operating subsidiaries, is a value added distributor of industrial products in North America going to market through a system of branded e-Commerce websites and relationship marketers. The primary brand is Global Industrial. Forward-Looking Statement This press release contains forward looking statements within the meaning of that term in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).
Sysco Corporation (Sysco), along with its subsidiaries and divisions, is a North American distributor of food and related products primarily to the foodservice or food-away-from-home industry. The Company provides products and related services to approximately 425,000 customers, including restaurants, healthcare and educational facilities, lodging establishments and other foodservice customers. Sysco provides food and related products to the foodservice or food-away-from-home industry. The Company has aggregated its operating companies into a number of segments, of which only Broadline and SYGMA are the main segments. Broadline operating companies distribute a line of food products and a variety of non-food products to their customers. SYGMA operating companies distribute a line of food products and a variety of non-food products to chain restaurant customer locations. On October 3, 2012, the Company acquired Keelings Foods.
AT&T Inc. is a diversified, global leader in telecommunications, media and entertainment, and technology. WarnerMedia is a leading media and entertainment company that creates and distributes premium and popular content to global audiences through its consumer brands, including: HBO, HBO Max, Warner Bros., TNT, TBS, truTV, CNN, DC Entertainment, New Line, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim and Turner Classic Movies. Xandr, now part of WarnerMedia, provides marketers with innovative and relevant advertising solutions for consumers around premium video content and digital advertising through its platform. AT&T Communications provides more than 100 million U.S. consumers with entertainment and communications experiences across TV, mobile and broadband. Plus, it serves high-speed, highly secure connectivity and smart solutions to nearly 3 million business customers. AT&T Latin America provides pay-TV services across 10 countries and territories in Latin America and the Caribbean and wireless services to consumers and businesses in Mexico.
AT&T Inc. 4.75 PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 11000th Int Ser C
TravelCenters of America Inc. is the nation's largest publicly traded full-service travel center network. Founded in 1972 and headquartered in Westlake, Ohio, its more than 20,000 employees serve customers in 270 locations in 44 states and Canada, principally under the TA??, Petro Stopping Centers?? and TA Express?? brands. Offerings include diesel and gasoline fuel, truck maintenance and repair, full-service and quick-service restaurants, car and truck parking and other services and amenities dedicated to providing great experiences for professional drivers and the general motoring public. TravelCenters of America operates nearly 650 full-service and quick-service restaurants and 10 proprietary brands, including Quaker Steak and Lube??, Iron Skillet?? and Country Pride??.
Trend Aggregation Aggressive Growth
TransAlta owns, operates and develops a diverse fleet of electrical power generation assets in Canada, the United States and Australia with a focus on long-term shareholder value. TransAlta provides municipalities, medium and large industries, businesses and utility customers with clean, affordable, energy efficient and reliable power. Today, TransAlta is one of Canada's largest producers of wind power and Alberta's largest producer of hydro-electric power. For over 100 years, TransAlta has been a responsible operator and a proud community-member where its employees work and live. TransAlta aligns its corporate goals with the UN Sustainable Development Goals and has been recognized by CDP (formerly Climate Disclosure Project) as an industry leader on Climate Change Management. TransAlta is proud to have achieved the Silver level PAR (Progressive Aboriginal Relations) designation by the Canadian Council for Aboriginal Business.
Del Taco offers a unique variety of both Mexican and American favorites such as burritos and fries, prepared fresh in every restaurant's working kitchen with the value and convenience of a drive-thru. Del Taco's menu items taste better because they are made with quality ingredients like fresh grilled chicken and carne asada steak, hand-sliced avocado, hand-grated cheddar cheese, slow-cooked beans made from scratch, and creamy Queso Blanco. The brand's campaign further communicates Del Taco's commitment to providing guests with the best quality and value for their money through cooking, chopping, shredding and grilling menu items from scratch. Founded in 1964, today Del Taco serves more than three million guests each week at its approximately 600 restaurants across 15 states.
TransAct Technologies Incorporated is a global leader in developing software-driven technology and printing solutions for high-growth markets including food service, casino and gaming, POS automation, and oil and gas. The Company?€?s solutions are designed from the ground up based on customer requirements and are sold under the BOHA! ???, AccuDate???, EPICENTRAL??, Epic??, Ithaca?? and Printrex?? brands. TransAct has sold over 3.4 million printers and terminals around the world and is committed to providing world-class service, spare parts and accessories to support its installed product base. Through the TransAct Services Group, the Company also provides customers with a complete range of supplies and consumable items both online at http://www.transactsupplies.com and through its direct sales team. TransAct is headquartered in Hamden, CT. For more information, please visit http://www.transact-tech.com or call (203) 859-6800.
Trend Aggregation Dividend Stock
Taitron, based in Valencia, California, is the "Discrete Components Superstore. "?? The Company distributes a wide variety of transistors, diodes and other discrete semiconductors, optoelectronic devices and passive components to electronic distributors, contract electronic manufacturers (CEMs) and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), who incorporate them into their products. In addition, Taitron provides value-added engineering and turn-key services for our existing OEM and CEM customers and providing them with original design and manufacturing services for their multi-year turn-key projects.
Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited ( TSE:4502/NYSE: TAK ) is a global, values-based, R&D-driven biopharmaceutical leader headquartered in Japan, committed to bringing Better Health and a Brighter Future to patients by translating science into highly-innovative medicines. Takeda focuses its R&D efforts on four therapeutic areas: Oncology, Rare Diseases, Neuroscience, and Gastroenterology (GI). We also make targeted R&D investments in Plasma-Derived Therapies and Vaccines. We are focusing on developing highly innovative medicines that contribute to making a difference in people's lives by advancing the frontier of new treatment options and leveraging our enhanced collaborative R&D engine and capabilities to create a robust, modality-diverse pipeline. Our employees are committed to improving quality of life for patients and to working with our partners in health care in approximately 80 countries. In 1994, Takeda entered the Chinese market with head office in Shanghai and business centers in Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Guangzhou, and Hong Kong SAR. Takeda China has also extended its offices to other Chinese large cities. At present, Takeda China has over 2,000 employees. China's economic development and people's growing demand for healthcare make China the most important emerging market for Takeda.
TAL Education Group is a leading K-12 after-school tutoring services provider in China. The acronym "TAL" stands for "Tomorrow Advancing Life", which reflects our vision to promote top learning opportunities for Chinese students through both high-quality teaching and content, as well as leading edge application of technology in the education experience. TAL Education Group offers comprehensive tutoring services to students from pre-school to the twelfth grade through three flexible class formats: small classes, personalized premium services, and online courses. Our tutoring services cover the core academic subjects in China's school curriculum as well as competence oriented programs. The Company's learning center network currently covers 91 cities. We also operate www.jzb.com, a leading online education platform in China. Our ADSs trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "TAL".
Talos Energy Inc
Talos Energy Inc. Warrants
Tantech Holdings Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, develops and manufactures bamboo-based charcoal products in the People??s Republic of China and internationally. It operates through three segments: Consumer Products, Trading, and Biofuel Energy. The company produces pressed and formed charcoal briquettes for use in grills, incense burners, and other applications under the Algold brand. It also offers Charcoal Doctor branded products, such as air purifiers and humidifiers, automotive accessories for air purification, underfloor humidity control, pillows and mattresses, wardrobe deodorizers, mouse pads and wrist mats, refrigerator deodorants, charcoal toilet cleaner disks, liquid charcoal cleaners, shoe insoles, and decorative charcoal gifts. In addition, the company provides liquid byproduct consists of bamboo vinegar that is used in disinfectants, detergents, lotions, specialized soaps, toilet cleaners, and fertilizers, as well as in various agricultural applications. Further, it engages in providing bamboo carbon for use in EDLCs; the production of electric double-layer capacitor carbon products; and the industrial purchase and sale of rubber. The company provides its products for industrial energy applications, as well as household cooking, heating, purification, agricultural, and cleaning uses. It sells its products directly or indirectly through distributors. The company also exports its bamboo vinegar, bamboo charcoal purification, and EDLC carbon products. The company has a strategic cooperation agreement with Zhejiang Ege Battery Manufacturing Co., Ltd. to develop, market, and sell carbon based aluminum batteries. Tantech Holdings Ltd. was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Lishui, the People??s Republic of China.



Taoping Inc. (formerly known as China Information Technology, Inc.) (TAOP), is a leading provider of smart display terminals and solutions for targeted advertising and online retails. The Company provides the integrated end-to-end digital advertising solutions enabling customers to distribute and manage ads on cloud-based ad display screens. Connecting owners of Taoping screens, advertisers and consumers, it builds up a resource sharing "Smart IoT Screen Network- Taoping App - Taoping Go (e-Store)" media ecosystem to ultimately achieve the mission "our technology makes advertising and branding affordable and effective for everyone."
For over two centuries Molson Coors has been brewing beverages that unite people for all of life's moments. From Coors Light, Miller Lite, Molson Canadian, Carling, and Staropramen to Coors Banquet, Blue Moon Belgian White, Saint Archer Gold, Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy, Creemore Springs and more, Molson Coors produces some of the most beloved and iconic beer brands ever made. While the company's history is rooted in beer, Molson Coors offers a modern portfolio that expands beyond the beer aisle with sparkling cocktails, hard coffee, canned wine, kombucha, cider and more. Molson Coors Beverage Company is a publicly traded company that operates through Molson Coors North America and Molson Coors Europe, and is traded on the New York and Canadian Stock Exchange (TAP). The company's commitment to raising industry standards and leaving a positive imprint on our employees, consumers, communities and the environment is reflected in Our Beer Print and our 2025 sustainability targets.
Molson Coors Brewing Company manufactures and sells beer and other beverage products. The company sells its products under the Coors Light, Molson Canadian, Carling, Carling Black Label, Coors Altitude, Coors Banquet, Creemore Springs, the Granville Island, Keystone Light, Mad Jack, Molson Canadian 67, Molson Canadian Cider, Molson Dry, Molson Export, Pilsner, and the Rickard's family brands in Canada; and brews or distributes under the Amstel Light, Heineken, Murphy's, Newcastle Brown Ale, Strongbow cider, Desperados, Dos Equis, Moretti, Sol, Tecate, Miller Chill, and Miller Genuine Draft brands. It also sells various brands in the United States and Puerto Rico, such as Coors Light, Miller Lite, Batch 19, Blue Moon, Coors Banquet, Coors Non-Alcoholic, Grolsch, Hamm's, Henry Weinhard's, Icehouse, Keystone, Leinenkugel's brands, Mickey's, Miller Fortune, Miller Genuine Draft, Miller High Life, Milwaukee's Best, Olde English 800, Peroni Nastro Azzurro, Pilsner Urquell, Sharp's non-alcoholic, Smith & Forge, St. Stefanus, Steel Reserve, Third Shift, Worthington's, and hard cider brands; and brews or distributes under the George Killian's Irish Red, Redd's, Foster's, and Molson brands. In addition, the company sells Carling, Staropramen, Apatinsko, Astika, Bergenbier, Borsodi, Branik, Coors Light, Jelen, Kamenitza, Niksicko, Noroc, Ostravar, Ozujsko, Sharp's Doom Bar, Worthington's, Beck's, Belle-Vue Kriek, Hoegaarden, Leffe, Lowenbrau, L??wenweisse, Spaten, Stella Artois, Corona Extra, Modelo Especial, Negra Modelo, and Pacifico Clara brands; and regional ale and factored brands in Europe. Further, it sells Coors Light, Staropramen, Carling, Cobra, Corona, Molson Canadian, Coors, Coors 1873, Coors Extra, Coors Gold, Iceberg 9000, King Cobra, and Zima brands. The company was formerly known as Adolph Coors Company and changed its name to Molson Coors Brewing Company in February 2005. Molson Coors Brewing Company was founded in 1786 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.
Proteon Therapeutics has historically been focused on improving the health of patients with kidney and vascular diseases through the development of novel, first-in-class therapeutics. Proteon's lead product candidate, vonapanitase, is an investigational drug intended to improve hemodialysis vascular access outcomes. Proteon has announced in March 2019 top-line results from PATENCY-2, a Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating vonapanitase in patients with chronic kidney disease undergoing surgical creation of a radiocephalic arteriovenous fistula for hemodialysis. The PATENCY-2 trial did not reach statistical significance on either of the co-primary endpoints of fistula use for hemodialysis and secondary patency. Proteon has also evaluated investigational vonapanitase in Phase 1 clinical trials in patients with peripheral artery disease, or PAD.
Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. is a science-based pharmaceutical company. The Company develops manufactures, and markets prescription and over-the-counter (OTC) pharmaceutical products, primarily in the United States, Canada and Israel. The Company also develops and manufactures active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs), primarily for use in its finished dosage form products. The Company's primary areas of focus include pediatric creams and ointments, liquids, capsules and tablets, mainly in the dermatological and topical, cardiovascular, neuropsychiatric and anti-inflammatory therapeutic categories. The Company operates through three companies: Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (Taro Israel), and two of its subsidiaries (including indirect), Taro Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Taro Canada) and Taro U.S.A. The Company markets more than 180 pharmaceutical products in over 25 countries.
Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a late clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company whose mission is to discover and deliver breakthrough treatments to transform the lives of patients with common and poorly treated diseases, starting with the eye. It is advancing its pipeline to address several diseases across therapeutic categories including eye care, dermatology, and other diseases with high, unmet needs. Its lead product candidate, TP-03, is a novel therapeutic in Phase 2b/3 that is being developed for the treatment of Demodex blepharitis.
Carrols is the largest Burger King ?? franchisee in the United States and has operated Burger King ?? restaurants since 1976. Following the Cambridge merger, Carrols operates 1,010 Burger King ?? and 55 Popeyes ?? restaurants in 23 states.
TransAtlantic Petroleum Ltd. engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of oil and natural gas. As of December 31, 2014, the company had interests in approximately 1.8 million net acres of developed and undeveloped oil and natural gas properties in Turkey, Albania, and Bulgaria. TransAtlantic Petroleum Ltd. was founded in 1985 and is based in Addison, Texas.
TAT Technologies Ltd (TAT) is an Israel-based company active in the engineering and industrial sector. The Company designs, develops and manufactures heat exchangers, cooling systems, cold plates, vapor-cycle air conditioning systems and fuel systems for both military and land applications and airborne applications. The Company also manufactures and overhauls secondary and emergency power systems for F16, jet fuel starters for F16, fuel control, turbines and valves, communication and military shelters and armored vehicles. The Company operates three subsidiaries, Bental Industries Ltd, Piedmont Aviation Component Services Ltd and Limco-Airepair Inc. The Company is owned by KMN Holdings.
Taylor Devices, Inc. is engaged in the design, development, manufacture and marketing of shock absorption, rate control, and energy storage devices for use in various types of machinery, equipment and structures. In addition to manufacturing and selling existing product lines, the Company continues to develop new and advanced technology products. The Company manufactures and sells a single group of similar products that have many different applications for customers. These similar products are included in one of six categories: Seismic Dampers, Fluidicshoks, Crane and Industrial Buffers, Self-Adjusting Shock Absorbers, Liquid Die Springs, and Vibration Dampers. The products are manufactured at the Company's operating facility in the United States. During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2012(fiscal 2012), 39% of the Company's revenue was generated from sales to customers in the United States and 54% was from sales to customers in Asia.
AT&T Inc. 5.350% Global Notes due 2066
The Bancorp, Inc. is a financial holding company with a wholly owned subsidiary, The Bancorp Bank (the Bank). Through the Bank, the Company provides a range of commercial and retail and related banking services, which include private label banking, healthcare accounts, prepaid and debit cards and merchant card processing to both regional and national markets. The Company focuses on providing its banking services directly to retail and commercial customers in the Philadelphia-Wilmington metropolitan area. The Company's services include private label banking; credit and debit card processing for merchants affiliated with independent service organizations; healthcare savings accounts for healthcare providers and third-party plan administrators, and prepaid cards, also known as stored value cards, for insurers, incentive plans, large retail chains and consumer service organizations.
AT&T Inc. 5.625% Global Notes due 2067
TrueBlue, Inc. (TrueBlue) is a provider of temporary blue-collar staffing services. The Company has a network of 691 branches in all 50 states, Puerto Rico and Canada, which supply its customers with temporary workers. It operates as Labor Ready for general labor, Spartan Staffing for light industrial services, CLP Resources for skilled trades, PlaneTechs for aviation and diesel mechanics and technicians, and Centerline Drivers for dedicated and temporary drivers to the transportation and distribution industries. In June 2013, Trueblue Inc acquired the assets of Crowley Transportation Services. On September 30, 2013, the Company acquired The Work Connection (TWC).
Transgenomic, Inc. is a biotechnology company operates in two segments: Clinical Laboratories, Pharmacogenomics Services and Diagnostic Tools. The Company's clinical laboratories segment specializes in genetic testing for cardiology, neurology, mitochondrial disorders and oncology. In its Pharmacogenomics Services segment, its contract research organization provides pharmacogenomics research services supporting Phase II and Phase III clinical trials conducted by its pharmaceutical customers. It specializes in pharmacogenomic, biomarker and mutation discovery research serving pharmaceutical and biomedical industries worldwide for disease research, drug and diagnostic development and clinical trial support. In Its diagnostic tools segment, it offers WAVE System, which has applicability to genetic variation detection in both molecular genetic research and molecular diagnostics. In September 2012, it acquired Axial Biotech's ScoliScor Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis Prognostic Test.
Triumph Bancorp, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides banking and commercial finance products to businesses in the United States. It operates through three segments: Banking, Factoring, and Corporate. The company offers depository products, including checking, savings, and money market accounts, as well as certificates of deposit. It also provides commercial and industrial loans, loans to purchase capital equipment, and business loans for working capital and operational purposes; asset-based, equipment, and healthcare loans; real estate loans to finance commercial property; and factoring services to the transportation sector, as well as to industries, such as manufacturing, distribution, energy services, and staffing. In addition, the company offers residential real estate loans; mortgage warehouse loans; commercial construction, land, and land development loans; agriculture loans; and consumer loans. Further, it provides asset management services; debit cards, and electronic banking, and trust services; treasury management services, such as lock box, accounts receivable collection, electronic payment, fraud protection, information reporting, reconciliation and data integration and balance optimization solutions; and insurance services. As of December 31, 2014, the company operated 10 branches in the Quad Cities Metropolitan Area of Iowa and Illinois; 7 branches in central and northwestern Illinois; and 1 branch and 1 loan production office in northeastern Illinois, as well as 1 branch office in Dallas, Texas. Triumph Bancorp, Inc. is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.

ToughBuilt is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of innovative tools and accessories to the building industry. We market and distribute various home improvement and construction product lines for both the professional and do-it-yourself markets under the TOUGHBUILT brand name, within the global multibillion dollar per year tool market industry. All of our products are designed by our in-house design team. Since launching product sales in 2013, we have experienced significant annual sales growth. Our current product line includes three major categories, with several additional categories in various stages of development, consisting of Soft Goods & Kneepads and Sawhorses & Work Products. Our mission is to provide products to the building and home improvement communities that are innovative, of superior quality derived in part from enlightened creativity for our end users while enhancing performance, improving well-being and building high brand loyalty.
Toughbuilt Industries Inc - Warrants - Series A (09/11/2023)
Territorial Bancorp Inc. owns 100% of Territorial Savings Bank (the Bank). Territorial Savings Bank is a federally chartered savings bank headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii. The Bank is the wholly owned subsidiary of Territorial Bancorp Inc. The Company provides financial services to individuals, families and businesses through its 27 banking offices located throughout the State of Hawaii. The Bank's business consists primarily of accepting deposits from the general public and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, in one- to four-family residential mortgage loans and investment securities. It also originates home equity loans and lines of credit, construction, commercial and other non-residential real estate loans, consumer loans, multi-family mortgage loans and other loans.
Theravance Biopharma, Inc. is a diversified biopharmaceutical company primarily focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of organ-selective medicines. Our purpose is to create transformational medicines to improve the lives of patients suffering from serious illnesses. Our research is focused in the areas of inflammation and immunology. In pursuit of our purpose, we apply insights and innovation at each stage of our business and utilize our internal capabilities and those of partners around the world. We apply organ-selective expertise to biologically compelling targets to discover and develop medicines designed to treat underserved localized diseases and to limit systemic exposure, in order to maximize patient benefit and minimize risk. These efforts leverage years of experience in developing lung-selective medicines to treat respiratory disease, including FDA-approved YUPELRI?? (revefenacin) inhalation solution indicated for the maintenance treatment of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Our pipeline of internally discovered programs is targeted to address significant patient needs. We have an economic interest in potential future payments from Glaxo Group Limited or one of its affiliates (GSK) pursuant to its agreements with Innoviva, Inc. relating to certain programs, including TRELEGY.
Founded in 2010, TuanChe Limited is a leading omni-channel automotive marketplace in China. TuanChe offers services to connect automotive consumers with various industry players such as automakers, dealers and other automotive service providers. TuanChe provides automotive marketing and transaction related services by integrating its online platforms with offline sales events. Through its integrated marketing solutions, TuanChe turns individual and isolated automobile purchase transactions into large-scale collective purchase activities by creating an interactive many-to-many environment. TuanChe also provides virtual dealership services by connecting automakers and franchised dealerships with secondary dealers, which ultimately helps automakers penetrate and expand into lower-tier cities. Furthermore, leveraging its proprietary data analytics and advanced digital marketing system, TuanChe's online marketing service platform helps industry customers increase the efficiency and effectiveness of their advertising placements.
Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ ?? : TCBI), a member of the Russell 2000 ?? Index and the S&P MidCap 400 ??, is the parent company of Texas Capital Bank, a commercial bank that delivers highly personalized financial services to businesses and entrepreneurs. Headquartered in Dallas, the bank has full-service locations in Austin, Dallas, Fort Worth, Houston and San Antonio.
Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Texas Capital Bank, National Association that provides various banking products and services for commercial businesses, and professionals and entrepreneurs in Texas. It offers commercial checking accounts, lockbox accounts, cash concentration accounts, and other treasury management services, including an on-line system; and consumer deposit products, such as checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, and certificates of deposit. The company also provides commercial loans for general corporate purposes comprising financing for working capital, internal growth, and acquisitions, as well as financing for business insurance premiums; real estate term and construction loans; mortgage finance lending; equipment leasing; and letters of credit. In addition, it offers wealth management and trust services consisting of investment management, personal trust and estate services, custodial services, retirement accounts, and related services; retirement products, including individual retirement accounts and administrative services for retirement vehicles, such as pension and profit sharing plans; and Internet banking services. Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. primarily serves Austin, Dallas, Fort Worth, Houston, and San Antonio metropolitan areas of Texas. As of December 31, 2014, the company conducted business at 12 full service banking locations and 1 operations center. Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.
No Description Available
Established in 1975, Tri Counties Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of TriCo Bancshares headquartered in Chico, California, providing a unique brand of customer Service with Solutions available in traditional stand-alone and in-store bank branches in communities throughout Northern and Central California. Tri Counties Bank provides an extensive and competitive breadth of consumer, small business and commercial banking financial services, along with convenient around-the-clock ATM, online and mobile banking access.
For over 50 years, TCC has specialized in superior-grade secure communications systems and customized solutions, supporting our CipherONE ?? best-in-class criteria, to protect highly sensitive voice, data and video transmitted over a wide range of networks. Government entities, military agencies and corporate enterprises in 115 countries have selected TCC's proven security to protect their communications.
Tricida Inc - Ordinary Shares
Chemical Financial Corporation operates as the financial holding company of Chemical Bank that offers banking and fiduciary products and services to residents and business customers in Michigan. Its products and services include business and personal checking accounts, savings and individual retirement accounts, time deposit instruments, electronically accessed banking products, residential and commercial real estate financing, commercial lending, consumer financing, debit cards, safe deposit box services, money transfer services, automated teller machines, access to insurance and investment products, corporate and personal wealth management services, and other banking services. The company also offers mutual funds, annuity products, and market securities; and operates as an issuer of title insurance to buyers and sellers of residential and commercial mortgage properties, including properties subject to loan refinancing. As of May 16, 2014, it operated through 157 banking offices located in approximately 38 counties in the lower peninsula of Michigan. The company was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Midland, Michigan.
- Headquartered in Waldorf, MD, The Community Financial Corporation is the bank holding company for Community Bank of the Chesapeake, a full-service commercial bank with assets of approximately $2.1 billion. Through its branch offices and commercial lending centers, Community Bank of the Chesapeake offers a broad range of financial products and services to individuals and businesses. The Company?€?s banking centers are located at its main office in Waldorf, Maryland, and branch offices in Waldorf, Bryans Road, Dunkirk, Leonardtown, La Plata, Charlotte Hall, Prince Frederick, Lusby and California, Maryland; and downtown Fredericksburg, Virginia.
TCF Financial Corp 5.70 PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 Ser C Dep Rep 11000
Transcontinental Realty Investors, Inc., a Dallas-based real estate investment company, holds a diverse portfolio of equity real estate located across the U.S., including apartments, office buildings, shopping centers, and developed and undeveloped land. The Company invests in real estate through direct ownership, leases and partnerships and invests in mortgage loans on real estate.
Tactile Medical is a leader in developing and marketing at-home therapy devices that treat chronic swelling conditions such as lymphedema and chronic venous insufficiency. Tactile Medical?€?s Mission is to help people suffering from chronic diseases live better and care for themselves at home. The Company?€?s unique offering includes advanced, clinically proven pneumatic compression devices, as well as continuity of care services provided by a national network of product specialists and trainers, reimbursement experts, patient advocates and clinicians. This combination of products and services ensures that tens of thousands of patients annually receive the at-home treatment necessary to better manage their chronic conditions. Tactile Medical takes pride in the fact that our solutions help increase clinical efficacy, reduce overall healthcare costs and improve the quality of life for patients with chronic conditions.
Taubman Centers is an S&P MidCap 400 Real Estate Investment Trust engaged in the ownership, management and/or leasing of 26 regional, super-regional and outlet malls in the U.S. and Asia. Taubman?€?s U.S.-owned properties are the most productive in the publicly held U.S. regional mall industry. Founded in 1950, Taubman is headquartered in Bloomfield Hills, Mich. Taubman Asia, founded in 2005, is headquartered in Hong Kong. www.taubman.com. For ease of use, references in this press release to ?€?Taubman Centers,?€?, ?€?we?€?, ?€?us?€?, ?€?our?€?, ?€?company,?€? ?€?Taubman?€? or an operating platform mean Taubman Centers, Inc. and/or one or more of a number of separate, affiliated entities. Business is actually conducted by an affiliated entity rather than Taubman Centers, Inc. itself or the named operating platform. This press release contains certain ?€?forward-looking?€? statements as that term is defined by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Taubman Centers Inc. Preferred Shares Series J
Taubman Centers Inc. Preferred Series K
Ctrip.com International, Ltd. is a leading travel service provider of accommodation reservation, transportation ticketing, packaged tours and corporate travel management in China. It is the largest online consolidator of accommodations and transportation tickets in China in terms of transaction volume. Ctrip enables business and leisure travelers to make informed and cost-effective bookings by aggregating comprehensive travel related information and offering its services through an advanced transaction and service platform consisting of its mobile apps, Internet websites and centralized, toll-free, 24-hour customer service center. Ctrip also helps customers book vacation packages and guided tours. In addition, through its corporate travel management services, Ctrip helps corporate clients effectively manage their travel requirements. Since its inception in 1999, Ctrip has experienced substantial growth and become one of the best-known travel brands in China.
TRACON develops targeted therapies for cancer utilizing a capital efficient, CRO independent, product development platform. The Company?€?s clinical-stage pipeline includes: Envafolimab, a subcutaneous PD-L1 single-domain antibody being developed in a registration trial for the treatment of sarcoma; TRC253, a small molecule drug candidate for the treatment of prostate cancer; TRC102, a Phase 2 small molecule drug candidate being developed for the treatment of lung cancer and glioblastoma; and TJ004309, a CD73 antibody in Phase 1 development for the treatment of advanced solid tumors. TRACON is actively seeking additional corporate partnerships whereby it leads U.S. regulatory and clinical development and shares in the cost and risk of clinical development and leads U.S. commercialization.
TC PipeLines, LP (the Partnership), acquires, owns and participates in the management of energy infrastructure businesses in North America. The Company's pipeline systems transport natural gas in the United States. The Partnership is managed by the Company's General Partner, which is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of TransCanada. The Company has equity ownership interests in four natural gas interstate pipeline systems. The Company's pipeline systems include Great Lakes, Northern Border, GTN, Bison, North Baja and Tuscarora. In July 2013, TC PipeLines, LP announced the closing of its acquisition of an additional 45% interest in each of Gas Transmission Northwest LLC (GTN) and Bison Pipeline LLC (Bison) from subsidiaries of TransCanada Corporation.
TCP Capital Corp. is an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company. The Company seeks its investment objective primarily through investments in debt securities of middle-market companies. The Company intends to primarily focus on privately negotiated investments in debt of middle-market companies, it may make investments of all kinds and at all levels of the capital structure, including in equity interests, such as preferred or common stock and warrants or options. Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC is the advisor of the Company.
Tcr2 Therapeutics Inc - Ordinary Shares
The Container Store Group, Inc. is the nation?€?s leading retailer of storage and organization products and solutions ?€? a concept they originated in 1978. Today, with locations nationwide, the retailer offers more than 11,000 products designed to help customers accomplish projects, maximize their space and make the most of their home. The Container Store also offers a full suite of custom closets designed to accommodate all sizes, styles and budgets.
Tucows is a provider of network access, mobile technology services, domain names and other Internet services. Ting Internet ( https://ting.com/internet ) delivers fixed fiber Internet access with outstanding customer support. Tucows?€? mobile services enabler (MSE) platform provides network access, provisioning and billing services for mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs). OpenSRS ( https://opensrs.com ), Enom ( https://www.enom.com ) and Ascio ( https://ascio.com ) combined manage approximately 25 million domain names and millions of value-added services through a global reseller network of over 36,000 web hosts and ISPs. Hover ( https://hover.com ) makes it easy for individuals and small businesses to manage their domain names and email addresses.
The Toronto-Dominion Bank, together with its subsidiaries, provides financial and banking services in North America and internationally. The company operates through Canadian Retail, U.S. Retail, and Wholesale Banking segments. The Canadian Retail segment offers various financial products and services, as well as telephone, Internet, and mobile banking services to approximately 15 million personal and small business customers through a network of 1,165 branches and 2,867 automated banking machines in Canada. This segment offers financing, investment, cash management, international trade services, and day-to-day banking needs to medium and large Canadian businesses; financing options to customers at point-of-sale for automotive and recreational vehicle purchases through its auto dealer network; credit cards; direct investing, advice, and asset management services to retail and institutional clients; and home, auto, credit protection, travel, and life and health insurance products, as well as credit card balance protection products through direct channels. The U.S. Retail segment provides retail and commercial banking services, as well as wealth management services in the United States. This segment offers its financial products and services through a network of approximately 1,318 stores located along the east coast from Maine to Florida; telephone, mobile, and Internet banking; and automated banking machines. The Wholesale Banking segment provides a range of capital markets, investment banking, and corporate banking products and services comprising underwriting and distribution of new debt and equity issues; advising on strategic acquisitions and divestitures; and meeting the daily trading, funding, and investment needs to companies, governments, and institutions in financial markets worldwide. The Toronto-Dominion Bank was founded in 1855 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.
Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., a telecommunications company, provides wireless, wireline, cable, and hosted and managed services in the United States. The company offers cellular services, such as postpaid national plans and prepaid service plans with voice, messaging, and data usage options; and shared data plans that include unlimited voice minutes and text messaging; business rate plans. It also offers wireless devices comprising handsets, modems, mobile hotspots, home phone, and tablets; and accessories, such as carrying cases, hands-free devices, batteries, battery chargers, memory cards, and other products. In addition, the company provides wireline and cable broadband services, such as fiber-based and digital, and other data services; Internet protocol television and satellite video services; voice services comprising local and long-distance telephone service, voice over Internet protocol, voice mail, caller ID, and call forwarding services; and network access services. Further, it offers cloud computing, colocation, hosted application management, and hosted and managed services; and planning, engineering, procurement, sales, installation, and management of information technology infrastructure hardware solutions, as well as printing and distribution services. As of December 31, 2014, the company served approximately 4.8 million wireless customers and 1.2 million wireline connections. Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. sells its products through retail sales direct sales, third-party retailers, and independent agents, as well as through Website and telesales. The company was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
Trident Acquisitions Corp. is a special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. Trident's securities are quoted on the Nasdaq stock exchange under the ticker symbols TDACU, TDAC and TDACW.
Trident Acquisitions Corp. Units
Trident Acquisitions Corp. Warrant
Teradata is the cloud data analytics platform company, built for a hybrid multi-cloud reality, solving the world's most complex data challenges at scale. We help businesses unlock value by turning data into their greatest asset. See how at Teradata.com. The Teradata logo is a trademark, and Teradata is a registered trademark of Teradata Corporation and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and worldwide.
No Description Available
TransDigm Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, is a leading global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components for use on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in service today. Major product offerings, substantially all of which are ultimately provided to end-users in the aerospace industry, include mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and controls, ignition systems and engine technology, specialized pumps and valves, power conditioning devices, specialized AC/DC electric motors and generators, batteries and chargers, engineered latching and locking devices, engineered rods, engineered connectors and elastomer sealing solutions, databus and power controls, cockpit security components and systems, specialized and advanced cockpit displays, aircraft audio systems, specialized lavatory components, seat belts and safety restraints, engineered and customized interior surfaces and related components, advanced sensor products, switches and relay panels, thermal protection and insulation, lighting and control technology, parachutes, high performance hoists, winches and lifting devices, and cargo loading, handling and delivery systems. Non-GAAP Supplemental Information EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, EBITDA As Defined Margin, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share are non-GAAP financial measures presented in this press release as supplemental disclosures to net income and reported results. TransDigm Group defines EBITDA as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and defines EBITDA As Defined as EBITDA plus certain non-operating items, refinancing costs, acquisition-related costs, transaction-related costs and non-cash charges incurred in connection with certain employee benefit plans. TransDigm Group defines adjusted net income as net income plus purchase accounting backlog amortization expense, effects from the sale on businesses, refinancing costs, acquisition-related costs, transaction-related costs and non-cash charges incurred in connection with certain employee benefit plans. EBITDA As Defined Margin represents EBITDA As Defined as a percentage of net sales. TransDigm Group defines adjusted diluted earnings per share as adjusted net income divided by the total shares for basic and diluted earnings per share. For more information regarding the computation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined and adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, please see the attached financial tables. TransDigm Group presents these non-GAAP financial measures because it believes that they are useful indicators of its operating performance. TransDigm Group believes that EBITDA is useful to investors because it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties to measure operating performance among companies with different capital structures, effective tax rates and tax attributes, capitalized asset values and employee compensation structures, all of which can vary substantially from company to company. In addition, analysts, rating agencies and others use EBITDA to evaluate a company's ability to incur and service debt. EBITDA As Defined is used to measure TransDigm Inc.'s compliance with the financial covenant contained in its credit facility. TransDigm Group's management also uses EBITDA As Defined to review and assess its operating performance, to prepare its annual budget and financial projections and to review and evaluate its management team in connection with employee incentive programs. Moreover, TransDigm Group's management uses EBITDA As Defined to evaluate acquisitions and as a liquidity measure. In addition, TransDigm Group's management uses adjusted net income as a measure of comparable operating performance between time periods and among companies as it is reflective of changes in pricing decisions, cost controls and other factors that affect operating performance. None of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, EBITDA As Defined Margin, adjusted net income or adjusted earnings per share is a measurement of financial performance under GAAP and such financial measures should not be considered as an alternative to net income, operating income, earnings per share, cash flows from operating activities or other measures of performance determined in accordance with GAAP. In addition, TransDigm Group's calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to the calculation of similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Although we use EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined as measures to assess the performance of our business and for the other purposes set forth above, the use of these non-GAAP financial measures as analytical tools has limitations, and you should not consider any of them in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results of operations as reported in accordance with GAAP. Some of these limitations are: neither EBITDA nor EBITDA As Defined reflects the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest payments, on our indebtedness; although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and neither EBITDA nor EBITDA As Defined reflects any cash requirements for such replacements; the omission of the substantial amortization expense associated with our intangible assets further limits the usefulness of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined; neither EBITDA nor EBITDA As Defined includes the payment of taxes, which is a necessary element of our operations; and EBITDA As Defined excludes the cash expense we have incurred to integrate acquired businesses into our operations, which is a necessary element of certain of our acquisitions.
No Description Available
No Description Available
Teladoc Health is transforming the healthcare experience and empowering people everywhere to live healthier lives. Recognized as the world leader in whole person virtual care, Teladoc Health uses proprietary health signals and personalized interactions to drive better health outcomes across the full continuum of care, at every stage in a person?€?s health journey. In more than 175 countries and ranked Best in KLAS for Virtual Care Platforms in 2020, Teladoc Health leverages more than a decade of expertise and data-driven insights to meet the growing virtual care needs of consumers and healthcare professionals.
Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., a telecommunications company, provides wireless, wireline, cable, and hosted and managed services in the United States. The company offers cellular services, such as postpaid national plans and prepaid service plans with voice, messaging, and data usage options; and shared data plans that include unlimited voice minutes and text messaging; business rate plans. It also offers wireless devices comprising handsets, modems, mobile hotspots, home phone, and tablets; and accessories, such as carrying cases, hands-free devices, batteries, battery chargers, memory cards, and other products. In addition, the company provides wireline and cable broadband services, such as fiber-based and digital, and other data services; Internet protocol television and satellite video services; voice services comprising local and long-distance telephone service, voice over Internet protocol, voice mail, caller ID, and call forwarding services; and network access services. Further, it offers cloud computing, colocation, hosted application management, and hosted and managed services; and planning, engineering, procurement, sales, installation, and management of information technology infrastructure hardware solutions, as well as printing and distribution services. As of December 31, 2014, the company served approximately 4.8 million wireless customers and 1.2 million wireline connections. Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. sells its products through retail sales direct sales, third-party retailers, and independent agents, as well as through Website and telesales. The company was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
Tidewater owns and operates the largest fleet of Offshore Support Vessels in the industry, with over 60 years of experience supporting offshore energy exploration and production activities worldwide.
Tidewater Inc (New) Wt Exp 11/24/2024
Tidewater Inc. Series A Warrants to purchase shares of common stock (expiring July 31 2023)
Tidewater Inc. Series B Warrants to purchase shares of common stock (expiring July 31 2023)
Teledyne Technologies is a leading provider of sophisticated instrumentation, digital imaging products and software, aerospace and defense electronics, and engineered systems. Teledyne Technologies?€? operations are primarily located in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and Western and Northern Europe.
Tortoise Essential Assets Income Term Fund of Beneficial Interest
Atlassian unleashes the potential of every team. Our team collaboration and productivity software helps teams organize, discuss, and complete shared work. Teams at more than 174,000 customers, across large and small organizations - including General Motors, Walmart Labs, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Lyft, Verizon, Spotify and NASA - use Atlassian?€?s project tracking, content creation and sharing, and service management products to work better together and deliver quality results on time.
Contact: David Clair, Senior Director, Corporate Development [email??protected] 612-656-4416 SOURCE Bio-Techne Corporation Related Links https://www.bio-techne.com/

Tectonic Financial Inc. 9.00 FixedtoFloating Rate Series B NonCumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock
Tarena is a leading provider of adult professional education and K-12 education services in China. Through its innovative education platform combining live distance instruction, classroom-based tutoring and online learning modules, Tarena offers adult professional education courses in IT and non-IT subjects. Its adult professional education courses provide students with practical skills to prepare them for jobs in industries with significant growth potential and strong hiring demand. Tarena also offers K-12 education programs, including computer coding and robotics programming courses, etc., targeting students aged between three and eighteen.
Telef??nica, S.A. provides fixed and mobile communication services primarily in Europe and Latin America. The company offers mobile voice, value added, mobile data and Internet, wholesale, corporate, roaming, fixed wireless, and trunking and paging services. It offers fixed telecommunication services, including PSTN lines; ISDN accesses; public telephone; local, domestic, and international long distance and fixed-to-mobile communications; corporate communications; supplementary and business oriented value-added; video telephony; intelligent network; and telephony information services, as well as leases and sells handset equipment. The company??s Internet and broadband multimedia services comprise Internet service provider; portal and network; retail and wholesale broadband access; narrowband switched access to Internet; high-speed Internet through fiber to the home; VDSL-based; and VoIP services. Its data and business-solution services consists of leased lines; virtual private network; fiber optics; hosting and application; outsourcing and consulting; desktop; and system integration and professional services. The company also provides wholesale services for telecommunication operators comprising domestic interconnection services, international wholesale services, leased lines for other operators?? network deployment, and local loop leasing under the unbundled local loop regulation framework, as well as bit stream services, bit stream naked, wholesale line rental accesses, and leased ducts for other operators?? fiber deployment. In addition, it offers Internet protocol television (IPTV) services, over-the-top network TV services, cable and satellite TV services, and pay TV services; M2M connectivity services; e-health services or telecare services; financial and other payment services; security services; and cloud computing services, as well as advertising, big data, and future communication services. The company was founded in 1924 and is based in Madrid, Spain.
Tekkorp Digital Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/2 War)
TE Connectivity Ltd. is a $12 billion global industrial technology leader creating a safer, sustainable, productive, and connected future. Our broad range of connectivity and sensor solutions, proven in the harshest environments, enable advancements in transportation, industrial applications, medical technology, energy, data communications, and the home. With approximately 80,000 employees, including more than 7,500 engineers, working alongside customers in approximately 140 countries, TE ensures that EVERY CONNECTION COUNTS.
TELA Bio, Inc. is a commercial-stage medical technology company focused on designing, developing and marketing a new category of tissue reinforcement materials to address unmet needs in soft tissue reconstruction. TELA's products are designed to improve on shortcomings of existing biologics and minimize long-term exposure to permanent synthetic material. TELA's portfolio is supported by quality, data-driven science and extensive pre-clinical research that has consistently demonstrated advantages over other commercially available products.

Tenneco is one of the world's leading designers, manufacturers and marketers of automotive products for original equipment and aftermarket customers, with 2019 revenues of $17.5 billion and approximately 78,000 team members working at more than 300 sites worldwide. Through our four business groups, Motorparts, Ride Performance, Clean Air and Powertrain, Tenneco is driving advancements in global mobility by delivering technology solutions for diversified global markets, including light vehicle, commercial truck, off-highway, industrial, motorsport and the aftermarket.
Tenable Holdings Inc - Ordinary Shares
Tenax Therapeutics, Inc., is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on identifying, developing, and commercializing products that address cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases with high unmet medical need. The Company has a world-class scientific advisory team including recognized global experts in pulmonary hypertension. The Company owns North American rights to develop and commercialize levosimendan and has recently released topline data regarding their Phase 2 clinical trial for the use of levosimendan in the treatment of Pulmonary Hypertension associated with Heart Failure and preserved Ejection Fraction (PH-HFpEF).
Telecom Argentina SA, (Telecom), is an Argentina-based company primarily engaged in the provision of national fixed-line telecommunication services, international long-distance service, data transmission and Internet services, as well as mobile telephony. The Company also offers such solutions as online business and Web hosting, virtual private network (VPN), mobile operating systems developed by Microsoft and Blackberry, toll-free telephone numbers, call centers and voice over Internet protocol (VoIP) line, as well as other services mainly aimed at corporate clients. As of December 31, 2012, the Company owned its subsidiaries structured in two business segments, Fixed Telephony, which comprised Telecom Argentina USA Inc and Micro Sistemas SA; and Mobile Services, with Telecom Personal SA, Nucleo SA and Springville SA.
Teradyne brings high-quality innovations such as smart devices, life-saving medical equipment and data storage systems to market, faster. Its advanced test solutions for semiconductors, electronic systems, wireless devices and more ensure that products perform as they were designed. Its Industrial Automation offerings include collaborative and mobile robots that help manufacturers of all sizes improve productivity and lower costs. In 2019,??Teradyne??had revenue of??$2.3 billion??and today employs 5,500 people worldwide.
TESSCO Technologies, Inc. is a value-added technology distributor, manufacturer, and solutions provider serving commercial and retail customers in the wireless infrastructure and mobile device accessories markets. The company was founded more than 30 years ago with a commitment to deliver industry-leading products, knowledge, solutions, and customer service. Tessco supplies more than 46,000 products from 350 of the industry?€?s top manufacturers in mobile communications, Wi-Fi, Internet of Things (?€?IoT?€?), wireless backhaul, and more. Tessco is a single source for outstanding customer experience, expert knowledge, and complete end-to-end solutions for the wireless industry.
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (Teva) is an Israel-based pharmaceutical and drug company. It develops, produces and markets generic drugs in all treatment categories. The Company has a pharmaceutical business, whose principal products include Copaxone and Azilect. Teva's active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) business provides vertical integration to Teva's own pharmaceutical production. The Company's global operations are conducted from North and Latin America to Europe and Asia. Teva operates a number of subsidiaries in such countries as Canada, Croatia, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Poland, the Russian Federation, Spain, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Terex is a global manufacturer of aerial work platforms and materials processing machinery. The Company designs, builds and supports products used in construction, maintenance, manufacturing, energy, minerals and materials management applications. Terex?€?s products are manufactured in North and South America, Europe, Australia and Asia and sold worldwide. The Company engages with customers through all stages of the product life cycle, from initial specification and financing to parts and service support.
BB&T Corporation (BB&T) is a financial holding company. BB&T conducts its business operations primarily through its commercial bank subsidiary, Branch Bank, and other nonbank subsidiaries. The Company's principal operating subsidiaries include Branch Banking and Trust Company, Winston-Salem, North Carolina; BB&T Securities, LLC, Richmond, Virginia; Regional Acceptance Corporation, Greenville, North Carolina; American Coastal Insurance Company, Davie, Florida, and Sterling Capital Management, LLC, Charlotte, North Carolina. BB&T's operations are divided into six reportable business segments: Community Banking, Residential Mortgage Banking, Dealer Financial Services, Specialized Lending, Insurance Services and Financial Services. In April 2012, it acquired the life and property and casualty insurance operating divisions of Roseland, New Jersey - based Crump Group Inc. On July 31, 2012, it acquired BankAtlantic.
BB&T Corporation Depositary Shares Series F
BB&T Corporation Depositary Shares Series G
BB&T Corporation Depositary shares Series H
Truist Financial Corp Dep Shs Repstg 14000th Non Cum Perp Pfd Ser I

Tff Pharmaceuticals Inc
No Description Available
TFS Financial Corporation was organized as the holding company for Third Federal Savings and Loan Association of Cleveland (Third Federal Savings and Loan or the Association). The Company's ownership of the Association remains its principal business activity. It also operates Third Capital, Inc. as a wholly owned subsidiary. Third Capital, Inc. has no separate operations other than as the holding company for its operating subsidiaries, and as an investor or partner in other entities, including investments in private equity funds. Third Capital, Inc. is a partner of Hazelmere Investment Group I, Ltd. In July 2013, the Company announced that it has completed its acquisition of Roebling Financial Corp, Inc. (Roebling) and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Roebling Bank.
The Teleflex Interventional Urology Business Unit is dedicated to developing innovative, minimally invasive and clinically effective devices that address unmet needs in the field of urology. Our focus is on improving the standard of care for patients with BPH using the UroLift System, a minimally invasive permanent implant system that treats symptoms while preserving sexual function.
Tredegar Corporation (Tredegar) is primarily engaged, through its subsidiaries, in the manufacture of plastic films and aluminum extrusions. Tredegar operates in three segments: Film Products, Aluminum Extrusions and Others. Tredegar Film Products Corporation and its subsidiaries (together, Film Products) manufacture plastic films, elastics and laminate materials primarily for personal and household care products and surface protection and packaging applications. These products are manufactured at locations in the United States and at plants in The Netherlands, Hungary, China, Brazil and India. The William L. Bonnell Company, Inc. and its subsidiaries (together, Aluminum Extrusions) produce soft-alloy aluminum extrusions primarily for building and construction, distribution, transportation, electrical, consumer durables and machinery and equipment markets. In November 2012, the Company sold its mitigation banking business, Falling Springs, LLC, to Arc Ventures, LC.
TransGlobe Energy Corporation is a cash flow focused oil and gas development and exploration company whose current activities are concentrated in the Arab Republic of Egypt and Canada. TransGlobe?€?s common shares trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange and the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange under the symbol TGL and on the NASDAQ Exchange under the symbol TGA.
Taseko Mines Limited, a mining company, acquires, develops, and operates mineral properties in Canada and the United States. The company explores for copper, molybdenum, gold, and niobium deposits. It operates the Gibraltar mine covering approximately 147 square kilometers located in south-central British Columbia; and owns 100% interest in the Aley niobium project situated in northern British Columbia. The company also owns interests in the New Prosperity project located in Williams Lake, British Columbia; and the Florence copper project covering approximately 1,341.6 acres located in Pinal County in south-central Arizona, the United States. Taseko Mines Limited was founded in 1966 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.
Tengasco, Inc. explores for and produces oil and natural gas in the United States. It primarily holds interests in the oil and gas properties located in Kansas. As of December 31, 2013, the company had 196 producing oil wells in central Kansas. It markets crude oil primarily to local refining companies. The company was formerly known as Onasco Companies, Inc. and changed its name to Tengasco, Inc. in 1995. Tengasco, Inc. was founded in 1916 and is headquartered in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Textainer has operated since 1979 and is one of the world's largest lessors of intermodal containers with approximately 3.6 million TEU in our owned and managed fleet. We lease containers to approximately 250 customers, including all of the world's leading international shipping lines, and other lessees. Our fleet consists of standard dry freight, refrigerated intermodal containers, and dry freight specials. We also lease tank containers through our relationship with Trifleet Leasing and are a supplier of containers to the U.S. Military. Textainer is one of the largest and most reliable suppliers of new and used containers. In addition to selling older containers from our fleet, we buy older containers from our shipping line customers for trading and resale. We sold an average of approximately 140,000 containers per year for the last five years to more than 1,500 customers making us one of the largest sellers of used containers. Textainer operates via a network of 14 offices and approximately 500 independent depots worldwide. Textainer has a primary listing on the New York Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE: TXT).
Triumph Group, Inc., headquartered in Berwyn, Pennsylvania, designs, engineers, manufactures, repairs and overhauls a broad portfolio of aerospace and defense systems, components and structures. The company serves the global aviation industry, including original equipment manufacturers and the full spectrum of military and commercial aircraft operators.
Tecnoglass Inc. is a leading manufacturer of architectural glass, windows, and associated aluminum products for the global residential and commercial construction industries. Tecnoglass is the #1 architectural glass transformation company in Latin America and the second largest glass fabricator serving the United States. Headquartered in Barranquilla, Colombia, the Company operates out of a 2.7 million square foot vertically-integrated, state- of-the-art manufacturing complex that provides easy access to the Americas, the Caribbean, and the Pacific. Tecnoglass supplies over 1000 customers in North, Central and South America, with the United States accounting for more than 80% of revenues. Tecnoglass' tailored, high-end products are found on some of the world's most distinctive properties, including the El Dorado Airport (Bogota), 50 United Nations Plaza (New York), Trump Plaza (Panama), Icon Bay (Miami), and Salesforce Tower (San Francisco).
TEGNA Inc. is an innovative media company that serves the greater good of our communities. Across platforms, TEGNA tells empowering stories, conducts impactful investigations and delivers innovative marketing solutions. With 63 television stations in 51 U.S. markets, TEGNA is the largest owner of top 4 network affiliates in the top 25 markets among independent station groups, reaching approximately 39 percent of all television households nationwide. TEGNA also owns leading multicast networks True Crime Network and Quest. TEGNA Marketing Solutions (TMS) offers innovative solutions to help businesses reach consumers across television, email, social and over-the-top (OTT) platforms, including Premion, TEGNA?€?s OTT advertising service.
Teekay LNG Partners is one of the world's largest independent owners and operators of LNG carriers, providing LNG and LPG services primarily under long-term, fee-based charter contracts through its interests in 47 LNG carriers, 23 mid-size LPG carriers, and seven multi-gas carriers. The Partnership's ownership interests in these vessels range from 20 to 100 percent. In addition, the Partnership owns a 30 percent interest in an LNG regasification terminal. Teekay LNG Partners is a publicly-traded master limited partnership formed by Teekay Corporation (NYSE: TK) as part of its strategy to expand its operations in the LNG and LPG shipping sectors. Teekay LNG Partners?€? common units and preferred units trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols ?€?TGP?€?, ?€?TGP PR A?€? and ?€?TGP PR B?€?, respectively.
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 9.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units representing limited partner interests
Teekay LNG Partners L.P. 8.50% Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units representing limited partner interests
Transportadora de Gas del Sur SA, (TGS), is an Argentina-based company engaged in the exploitation, distribution and commercialization of natural gas. The Company operates in three segments: natural gas transportation, natural gas liquid production and commercialization, and midstream services and telecommunications. Its pipeline system connects gas reserves located in southern and western Argentina to the Greater Buenos Aires area. The Company also renders support services, such as gas treatment, removal of impurities from the natural gas stream, gas compression, wellhead gas gathering; as well as pipeline construction, operation, and maintenance services.
Minneapolis -based Target Corporation serves guests at nearly 1,900 stores and at Target.com. Since 1946, Target has given 5% of its profit to communities, which today equals millions of dollars a week.
No Description Available
Silver Eagle Acquisition Corp. is a United States-based blank check company. The Company will seek to capitalize on the deal sourcing, investing and operating to indentify, acquire and operate media or entertainment businesses, including providers of content in the United States or internationally, although it may pursue acquisition opportunities in other sectors. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had not commenced any business operations. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had not generated any revenues.

Thunder Bridge Acquisition II Ltd Units 1 Ord Share Class A & 12 War
Thunder Bridge Acquisition II Ltd Wt 11302026
Tenet Healthcare Corporation is a diversified healthcare services company headquartered in Dallas with 112,000 employees. Through an expansive care network that includes United Surgical Partners International, we operate 65 hospitals and approximately 510 other healthcare facilities, including surgical hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, urgent care and imaging centers and other care sites and clinics. We also operate Conifer Health Solutions, which provides revenue cycle management and value-based care services to hospitals, health systems, physician practices, employers and other clients. Across the Tenet enterprise, we are united by our mission to deliver quality, compassionate care in the communities we serve.
Tuscan Holdings Corp II
Tuscan Holdings Corp II Units 1 Ord shares & 12 Wrt
Tuscan Holdings Corp II Warrants 01042026
Tuscan Holdings Corp Ordinary Shares
Tuscan Holdings Corp Unit 1 Ordinary share 1 Wrt
Tuscan Holdings Corp Warrants 01042026
First Financial Corporation is the holding company for First Financial Bank N.A. and The Morris Plan Company of Terre Haute, Inc. First Financial Bank N.A. is the fifth oldest national bank in the United States, operating 81 banking centers in Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky and Tennessee. The Morris Plan Company of Terre Haute, Inc. is a state industrial chartered financial institution operating one office in Terre Haute, Indiana. Additional information is available at www.first-online.bank.
The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. (THG) is a holding company. THG's business operations are property and casualty insurance products and services marketed through independent agents and brokers in the United States. It also conducts business internationally through a wholly owned subsidiary, Chaucer Holdings plc (Chaucer), which operates through the Society and Corporation of Lloyd's (Lloyd's). THG conducts its business operations through four segments: Commercial Lines, Personal Lines, Chaucer and Other Property and Casualty. THG underwrites commercial and personal property and casualty insurance through Hanover Insurance, Citizens and other THG subsidiaries, through an independent agent and broker network concentrated in the Northeast, Midwest and Southeast United States. Its Chaucer segment is a specialist insurance underwriting group, which operates through Lloyd's and writes business internationally. Its Other Property and Casualty consists of: Opus Investment Management, Inc.
International Tower Hill Mines Ltd. controls a 100% interest of the Livengood Gold Project, located along the paved Elliott Highway, 70 miles north of Fairbanks, Alaska.
ThermoGenesis Holdings, Inc. develops, commercializes, and markets a range of automated technologies for CAR-T and other cell-based therapies. The Company currently markets a full suite of solutions for automated clinical biobanking, point-of-care applications, and automation for immuno-oncology, including its semi-automated, functionally-closed CAR-TXpress?????platform, which streamlines the manufacturing process for the emerging CAR-T immunotherapy market.
"The Fund will normally invest at least
80% of its total assets in securities of the Index or in depositary receipts representing securities of the Index. The Index,
which was developed and is provided by ROBO Global (the ?€?Index Provider?€?), is designed to measure the performance
of publicly-traded companies that have a significant portion of their revenue derived from the field of artificial intelligence
as described below (?€?Artificial Intelligence Companies?€?). Under normal circumstances, the Fund will invest at least
80% of its net assets, plus the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes, in securities of Artificial Intelligence Companies.
This investment policy may be changed without shareholder approval, upon 60 days notice to shareholders.

??

Companies eligible for inclusion in the
Index are those included in the ROBO Global Artificial Intelligence Database (the ?€?AI Database?€?), a proprietary database,
created and maintained by the Index Provider, of companies that have a significant portion of their revenue derived from one or
more of the sub-sectors within the field of artificial intelligence represented in the ROBO Global Artificial Intelligence Industry
Classification (?€?ROBO AI Industry Classification?€?), and the potential to grow within this space through innovation
and/or market adoption of their products and services.

??

To construct the AI Database, the Index
Provider applies the ROBO AI Industry Classification. Like peer group artificial intelligence indexes, the Index measures the
performance of companies across sectors such as information technology, communications, consumer discretionary, healthcare and
industrials that are involved in artificial intelligence activities. The Index Provider then applies its proprietary methodology
to further classify companies included in the AI Database by ?€?Infrastructure?€? or ?€?Applications & Services?€?
and further divides such classifications into sub-sectors, which are unique to the ROBO AI Industry Classification. Infrastructure
companies include companies that build artificial intelligence engine and platform solutions that enable the use of artificial
intelligence technology. Within the Infrastructure classification are the following subsectors: (1) big data/analytics; (2) cloud
providers; (3) cognitive computing; (4) network and security; and (5) semiconductors. Applications & Services companies include
companies that apply artificial intelligence technology to their business. Within the Applications & Services classification
are the following subsectors: (1) healthcare; (2) factory automation; (3) eCommerce; (4) consumer; (5) consulting services; and
(6) business process.

??

Each eligible company is individually
analyzed and then given a ?€?THNQ Score?€? ranging from 1 to 100 that is determined based on the levels of revenue the
company receives from Artificial Intelligence activities, levels of investment the firm makes in Artificial Intelligence, and
the company?€?s technology and market leadership in the Artificial Intelligence universe. Companies whose THNQ Score is greater
than or equal to 50 and that meet the market capitalization and liquidity requirements described below are eligible for inclusion
in the Index. The Index is comprised of a minimum of 50 constituents and a maximum of 100 constituents. Companies in the Index
are reweighted at each rebalance according to their THNQ Score. Scores are reviewed on an ongoing basis by reevaluating the factors
described above.

??

Eligible Index components are exchange-listed
equity securities of Artificial Intelligence Companies that have a market capitalization exceeding $200 million at the time of
inclusion on the Index and a minimum trailing 3-month composite average daily value of $1 million at the time of inclusion.

??

The Index consists of securities of both
U.S. and foreign issuers, including securities of issuers located in emerging market countries. The Index Provider expects, under
normal circumstances, at least 25% of the Index components to represent securities of non-U.S. issuers, including China A-shares,
which are shares of mainland China-based companies that trade on the Chinese stock exchanges. The Index is rebalanced and additions
are made quarterly. Deletions from the Index may be made at any time due to changes in business, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies,
suspensions, de-listings and spin-offs, or for other reasons as determined at the sole discretion of the Index Provider. The Index
is unmanaged and cannot be invested in directly.

??

The Fund employs a ?€?passive management?€?
investment strategy in seeking to achieve its investment objective. The Fund generally will use a replication methodology, meaning
it will invest in all of the securities comprising the Index in proportion to the weightings in the Index. However, the Fund may
utilize a sampling methodology under various circumstances, including when it may not be possible or practicable to purchase all
of the securities in the Index. The Adviser expects that over time, if the Fund has sufficient assets, the correlation between
the Fund?€?s performance, before fees and expenses, and that of the Index will be 95% or better. A figure of 100% would indicate
perfect correlation.

??

The Fund will concentrate its investments
(i.e., invest more than 25% of its total assets) in a particular industry or group of industries to approximately the same
extent that the Index concentrates in an industry or group of industries. As of April 30, 2020, the Index was concentrated in
the software industry. In addition, in replicating the Index, the Fund may from time to time invest a significant portion of its
assets in the securities of companies in one or more sectors. As of April 30, 2020, the Index had a significant amount of investment
exposure in the information technology sector.

??

The
Fund may invest up to 20% of its assets in investments that are not included in the Index, but which the Adviser believes will
help the Fund track the Index.

??

The
Fund is non-diversified under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the ?€?1940 Act?€?) and
may invest a greater percentage of its assets in a particular issuer than a diversified fund.

??

The Index Provider is not affiliated with
the Fund or the Adviser. The Index Provider developed the methodology for determining the securities to be included in the Index
and for the ongoing maintenance of the Index. The Index is calculated by Solactive AG, which is not affiliated with the Fund or
the Adviser."
Thor is the sole owner of operating subsidiaries that, combined, represent the world's largest manufacturer of recreational vehicles.
Thermon Group Holdings, Inc. is a provider of engineered thermal solutions for process industries. The Company products include a range of electric heat tracing cables, steam tracing components, and tubing bundles, as well as instrument and control products, including self-regulating and power limiting heating cables, which automatically increase or decrease heat output as pipe temperature changes; mineral insulated (MI), cable, which is a high performance heat tracing cable for generating high temperatures that is used in harsh environments; heat traced tube bundles for environmental gas sampling systems; heat transfer compounds and steam tracers for steam tracing solutions; control and monitoring systems for electric tracing of pipes, tanks, hoppers and instrument sampling systems, and turnkey solutions that provide customers with complete solutions for heat tracing, including design, optimization, installation and ongoing maintenance.
Gentherm is a global developer and marketer of innovative thermal management technologies for a broad range of heating and cooling and temperature control applications. Automotive products include variable temperature Climate Control Seats, heated automotive interior systems (including heated seats, steering wheels, armrests and other components), battery thermal management systems, cable systems and other electronic devices. Medical products include patient temperature management systems. The Company is also developing a number of new technologies and products that will help enable improvements to existing products and to create new product applications for existing and new markets. Gentherm has??more than 11,000 employees in facilities in the United States, Germany, Canada, China, Hungary, Japan, Korea,??North??Macedonia, Malta, Mexico, United Kingdom, Ukraine, and Vietnam.
Thryv Holdings, Inc. owns the easy-to-use Thryv?? end-to-end customer experience software built for small business that helps over 40,000 SaaS clients with the daily demands of running a business. With Thryv, they can get the job, manage the job and get credit. Thryv?€?s award-winning platform provides modernized business functions, allowing small-to-medium-sized businesses (SMB) to reach more customers, stay organized, get paid faster and generate reviews. These include building a digital customer database, automated marketing through email and text, updating business listings across the internet, scheduling online appointments, sending notifications and reminders, managing ratings and reviews, generating estimates and invoices and processing payments. Thryv supports SMBs with Hub by Thryv???, a software console that enables businesses with multiple locations, such as franchises, to manage and oversee their operations using the Thryv software. Thryv also provides consumer services through our search, display and social media management products?€?and connects local businesses via The Real Yellow Pages?? from the over 30 million monthly visitors of DexKnows.com??, Superpages.com?? and Yellowpages.com search portals; and local print directories.
TreeHouse Foods, Inc. (TreeHouse) is a food manufacturer servicing the retail grocery and foodservice distribution channels. Its products include non-dairy powdered creamers, private label canned soups, salad dressings and sauces, powdered drink mixes, hot cereals, macaroni and cheese, skillet dinners, Mexican sauces, jams and pie fillings, pickles and related products, aseptic sauces, refrigerated salad dressings, and liquid non-dairy creamer. It manufactures and sells private label products to retailers, such as supermarkets and mass merchandisers, for resale under the retailers' own or controlled labels; private label and branded products to the foodservice industry, including foodservice distributors and national restaurant operators; branded products under its own brands, on a regional basis to retailers, and products to its industrial customer base. In October 2013, it announced its completion of the acquisition of Associated Brands from TorQuest Partners and other shareholders.
Theratechnologies (TSX: TH) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative therapies addressing unmet medical needs.
Platinum Eagle Acquisition Corp. Warrant
In 1837, Charles Lewis Tiffany founded his company in New York City where his store was soon acclaimed as the palace of jewels for its exceptional gemstones. Since then, TIFFANY & CO. has become synonymous with elegance, innovative design, fine craftsmanship and creative excellence. During the 20th century, its fame thrived worldwide with store network expansion and continuous cultural relevance, as exemplified by Truman Capote?€?s Breakfast at Tiffany?€?s and the film starring Audrey Hepburn. Today, with more than 14,000 employees, TIFFANY & CO. and its subsidiaries design, manufacture and market jewelry, watches and luxury accessories - including nearly 5,000 skilled artisans who cut diamonds and craft jewelry in the Company?€?s workshops, realizing its commitment to superlative quality. TIFFANY & CO. has a long-standing commitment to conducting its business responsibly, sustaining the natural environment, prioritizing diversity and inclusion, and positively impacting the communities in which we operate. The Company operates more than 300 TIFFANY & CO. retail stores worldwide as part of its omni-channel approach.
Trean Insurance Group Inc
Millicom (NASDAQ U.S.: TIGO, Nasdaq Stockholm: TIGO_SDB) is a leading provider of cable and mobile services dedicated to emerging markets in Latin America and Africa. Millicom sets the pace when it comes to providing high-speed broadband and innovation around The Digital Lifestyle services through its principal brand, TIGO. As of December 31, 2018, Millicom operating subsidiaries and joint ventures employed more than 21,000 people and provided mobile services to approximately 50 million customers, with a cable footprint of more than 10 million homes passed. Founded in 1992, Millicom International Cellular S.A. is headquartered in Luxembourg.
UP Fintech Holding Limited??is a leading online brokerage firm focusing on global investors. The Company?€?s proprietary mobile and online trading platform enables investors to trade in equities and other financial instruments on multiple exchanges around the world. The Company offers innovative products and services as well as a superior user experience to customers through its ?€?mobile first?€? strategy, which enables it to better serve and retain current customers as well as attract new ones. The Company offers customers comprehensive brokerage and value-added services, including trade order placement and execution, margin financing, IPO subscription, ESOP management, investor education, community discussion and customer support. The Company?€?s proprietary infrastructure and advanced technology are able to support trades across multiple currencies, multiple markets, multiple products, multiple execution venues and multiple clearinghouses.
Interface, Inc. is a global flooring company specializing in carbon neutral carpet tile and resilient flooring, including luxury vinyl tile (LVT) and nora?? rubber flooring. We help our customers create??high-performance interior spaces that support well-being, productivity, and creativity, as well as the sustainability of the planet. Our mission, Climate Take Back???, invites you to join us as we commit to operating in a way that is restorative to the planet and creates a climate fit for life.
TIM SA
Tiptree Inc. is a holding company that allocates capital across a broad spectrum of businesses, assets and other investments. Our principal operating business, Tiptree Insurance, along with its subsidiaries, is a leading provider of specialty insurance, warranty products and related administration services. We also allocate capital to a diverse group of select investments that we refer to as Tiptree Capital.
Headquartered in Sugar Land, Texas, Team Inc. is a global leading provider of integrated, digitally-enabled asset performance assurance and optimization solutions. We deploy conventional to highly specialized inspection, condition assessment, maintenance and repair services that result in greater safety, reliability and operational efficiency for our client's most critical assets. Through locations in more than 20 countries, we unite the delivery of technological innovation with over a century of progressive, yet proven integrity and reliability management expertise to fuel a better tomorrow.
Titan Machinery Inc., founded in 1980 and headquartered in West Fargo, North Dakota, owns and operates a network of full service agricultural and construction equipment dealer locations in North America and Europe. The network consists of US locations in Arizona, Colorado, Iowa, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin and Wyoming and its European stores are located in Bulgaria, Germany, Romania, Serbia and Ukraine. The Titan Machinery locations represent one or more of the CNH Industrial Brands, including Case IH, New Holland Agriculture, Case Construction, New Holland Construction, and CNH Industrial Capital.
The TJX Companies, Inc. (TJX) is the off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in the United States and worldwide. As of January 28, 2012, the Company operated in four business segments. It has two segments in the United States, Marmaxx (T.J. Maxx and Marshalls) and HomeGoods; one in Canada, TJX Canada (Winners, Marshalls and HomeSense) and one in Europe, TJX Europe (T.K. Maxx and HomeSense). As a result of the consolidation of the A.J. Wright chain, all A.J. Wright stores ceased operations by the end of February 2011. It completed the consolidation of A.J. Wright, converting 90 of the A.J. Wright stores to T.J. Maxx, Marshalls or HomeGoods banners and closed the remaining 72 stores, two distribution centers and home office. In December 2012, the Company acquired Sierra Trading Post, an off-price Internet retailer.
Teekay is a leading provider of international crude oil and gas marine transportation services. Teekay provides these services primarily through its directly-owned fleet and its controlling ownership interests in Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (NYSE: TGP ), one of the world?€?s largest independent owners and operators of LNG carriers, and Teekay Tankers Ltd. (NYSE: TNK ), one of the world?€?s largest owners and operators of mid-sized crude tankers. The consolidated Teekay entities manage and operate total assets under management of approximately $9 billion, comprised of approximately 140 liquefied gas, offshore, and conventional tanker assets. With offices in 10 countries and approximately 5,500 seagoing and shore-based employees, Teekay provides a comprehensive set of marine services to the world?€?s leading oil and gas companies. Teekay?€?s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange where it trades under the symbol ?€?TK?€?.

Turkcell is a digital operator headquartered in Turkey, serving its customers with its unique portfolio of digital services along with voice, messaging, data and IPTV services on its mobile and fixed networks. Turkcell Group companies operate in 5 countries ?€? Turkey, Ukraine, Belarus, Northern Cyprus, Germany. Turkcell launched LTE services in its home country on April 1st, 2016, employing LTE-Advanced and 3 carrier aggregation technologies in 81 cities. Turkcell offers up to 10 Gbps fiber internet speed with its FTTH services. Turkcell Group reported TRY5.7 billion revenue in Q119 with total assets of TRY46.1 billion as of March 31, 2019. It has been listed on the NYSE and the BIST since July 2000, and is the only NYSE-listed company in Turkey. Read more at www.turkcell.com.tr
The Timken Company??(NYSE: TKR ;??www.timken.com) designs a growing portfolio of engineered bearings and power transmission products. With more than a century of knowledge and innovation, we continuously improve the reliability and efficiency of global machinery and equipment to move the world forward. Timken posted $3.8 billion in sales in 2019 and employs more than 17,000 people globally, operating from 42 countries.
LEARNING CO INC
Teligent is a specialty generic pharmaceutical company. Our mission is to be a leading player in the specialty generic prescription drug market.
Perusahaan Perseroan (Persero) PT Telekomunikasi Indonesia, Tbk. is an Indonesian state-owned enterprise (SOE) which engaged in telecommunication and network services provider. The Company's activity includes information and communication services, including fixed wire line and fixed wireless telephone, mobile cellular, data and Internet, and network and interconnection services. As of December 31, 2011, it had nine direct subsidiaries, namely PT Telekomunikasi Selular, PT Multimedia Nusantara, PT Telekomunikasi Indonesia International, PT Pramindo Ikat Nusantara, PT Dayamitra Telekomunikasi, PT Indonusa Telemedia, PT Graha Sarana Duta, and PT Napsindo Primatel Internasional.

Healthcare Merger Corp Warrants17122026
Talend, a leader in??data integration and data integrity,??is changing the way the world makes decisions. Talend??Data Fabric??is the only platform??that brings together??all the??data integration and governance??capabilities??to simplify every aspect of working with data. Talend delivers??complete, clean, and uncompromised data in real-time to all. This??unified??approach??to data??has??made??it??possible??to create??the??Talend Trust Score???, an??industry-first??innovation??that??instantly assesses??the??reliability??of any dataset to bring clarity and??confidence??to every decision. Over 5000 organizations across??the globe have chosen Talend??to run their businesses??on trusted data. Talend??is??recognized as a leader in its field by leading analyst firms and industry??media.
Tilray is a global pioneer in the research, cultivation, production and distribution of cannabis and cannabinoids currently serving tens of thousands of patients in eleven countries spanning five continents.
Telos Corporation empowers and protects the world?€?s most security-conscious organizations with solutions for continuous security assurance of individuals, systems, and information. Telos?€? offerings include cybersecurity solutions for IT risk management and information security; cloud security solutions to protect cloud-based assets and enable continuous compliance with industry and government security standards; and enterprise security solutions to ensure that personnel can work and collaborate securely and productively. The company serves military, intelligence and civilian agencies of the federal government, allied nations and commercial organizations around the world.
Tiziana Life Sciences PLC ADS (Sponsored)
Tilly's, Inc. is a specialty retailer of West Coast apparel, footwear and accessories. The Company has brands in action sports, music, art and fashion. The Company's stores are designed to be an extension of its teen and young adult consumers' lifestyles with a balance of guys and juniors merchandise. As of April 30, 2011, the Company operated 126 stores in 11 states, averaging approximately 7,800 square feet. Out of a total of 126 stores as of April 30, 2011, it operated 72 stores in California, 17 stores in Arizona, six stores in Nevada and 16 stores in Florida. The Company also sells its products through its e-commerce Website, www.tillys.com. The Company's stores feature third-party brands, including Billabong, Element, Hurley, Levi's, LRG, Neff, RVCA, Uggs and Volcom. The Company's brands include RSQ, Full Tilt, Blue Crown and Infamous.
Toyota has been a part of the cultural fabric in North America for more than 60 years, and is committed to advancing sustainable, next-generation mobility through our Toyota and Lexus brands plus our 1,800 dealerships. Toyota has created a tremendous value chain and directly employs more than 47,000 in North America. The company has contributed world-class design, engineering, and assembly of more than 40 million cars and trucks at our 14 manufacturing plants, 15 including our joint venture in Alabama that begins production in 2021. Through its Start Your Impossible campaign, Toyota highlights the way it partners with community, civic, academic and governmental organizations to address our society's most pressing mobility challenges. We believe that when people are free to move, anything is possible.
BioPharmX Corporation, a specialty pharmaceutical company, focuses on the development of novel drug delivery products for women's health, dermatology, and otolaryngology markets. The company offers prescription, over-the-counter (OTC), and supplement products in oral, topical, inhalant, and/or injectable forms. It provides VI2OLET iodine, an OTC dietary supplement molecular iodine tablet that promotes overall breast health and for the alleviation of benign breast pain associated with fibrocystic breast condition. The company??s clinical-stage product candidates include BPX03, a molecular iodine tablet for the treatment of benign breast pain associated with FBC and cyclic mastalgia; and BPX01, a non-lipophilic topical antibiotic for the treatment of acne. It serves pharmaceutical companies; physician's practices, including OB-Gyn's, dermatologists, and general practioners; and retail customers through retail sales channels and/or pharmacy outlets. The company has collaboration and licensing agreement with Iogen LLC for the development of molecular iodine products; and collaboration and supply agreement with NuTech Medical, Inc. to develop products in the field of dermatology. BioPharmX Corporation is headquartered in Menlo Park, California.
Titan Medical Inc. is focused on robotic-assisted technologies for application in minimally invasive surgery (?€?MIS?€?). Titan is developing a single-port robotic surgical system comprised of a surgeon-controlled patient cart that includes a dual-view camera system with 3D and 2D high-definition vision systems and multi-articulating instruments for performing MIS procedures, and a surgeon workstation that provides an ergonomic interface to the patient cart and a 3D high-definition endoscopic view of the MIS procedure. Titan intends to initially pursue gynecologic surgical indications for use of its single-port robotic surgical system.
Transmedics Group Inc Ordinary Shares
Tencent Music Entertainment Group ADS
Taylor Morrison Home Corporation is the nation's fifth largest homebuilder and developer based in Scottsdale, Arizona, that has been recognized as America's Most Trusted ?? Home Builder for five years running (2016-2020). Operating under a family of brands including Taylor Morrison, Darling Homes, William Lyon Signature Home and Christopher Todd Communities built by Taylor Morrison, we serve consumer groups coast to coast, from first-time to move-up, luxury and 55-plus buyers. Our unwavering pledge to sustainability, our communities and our team?€?outlined in the 2019 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report ?€?extends to designing thoughtful living experiences homeowners can be proud of for generations to come. CONTACT : Alice Giedraitis (480) 840-8137 [email??protected] SOURCE Taylor Morrison Related Links www.taylormorrison.com
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences research, solving complex analytical challenges, improving patient diagnostics and therapies or increasing productivity in their laboratories, we are here to support them. Our global team of more than 75,000 colleagues delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services and Patheon.
Tompkins Financial Corporation (Tompkins) is a bank holding company. Tompkins is a locally oriented, community-based financial services company that offers an array of products and services, including commercial and consumer banking, leasing, trust and investment management, financial planning and wealth management, insurance, and brokerage services. It operates in two segments: banking services, which consist primarily of attracting deposits from the areas served by the Company's banking subsidiaries' 45 banking offices and using those deposits to originate a variety of commercial loans, agricultural loans, consumer loans, real estate loans, and leases in those same areas, and financial services, which consist of the results of the Company's trust, financial planning and wealth management services, broker-dealer services, and insurance and risk management operations. On June 1, 2011, it acquired Olver & Associates, Inc. (Olver). In August 2012, it acquired VIST Financial Corp.
Turmeric Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)

TimkenSteel manufactures high-performance carbon and alloy steel products in Canton, OH serving demanding applications in automotive, energy and a variety of industrial end markets. The company is a premier U.S. producer of alloy steel bars (up to 16 inches in diameter), seamless mechanical tubing and precision components. In the business of making high-quality steel primarily from recycled materials for more than 100 years, TimkenSteel's proven expertise contributes to the performance of our customers' products. The company??employs approximately 2,200 people and had sales of $1.2 billion??in 2019.

Spartacus Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/2 War)
Spartacus Acquisition Corp - Warrants (31/10/2027)
T-Mobile U.S. Inc. is America?€?s supercharged Un-carrier, delivering an advanced 4G LTE and transformative nationwide 5G network that will offer reliable connectivity for all. T-Mobile?€?s customers benefit from its unmatched combination of value and quality, unwavering obsession with offering them the best possible service experience and undisputable drive for disruption that creates competition and innovation in wireless and beyond. Based in Bellevue, Wash., T-Mobile provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile and Sprint.
ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc. is a leading provider of termite and pest control, cleaning and restoration services in both the residential and commercial markets, operating through an extensive service network of more than 8,000 company-owned locations and franchise and license agreements. The company?€?s portfolio of well-recognized brands includes AmeriSpec (home inspections), Copesan (commercial national accounts pest management), Furniture Medic (cabinet and furniture repair), Merry Maids (residential cleaning), Nomor (European pest management), ServiceMaster Clean (commercial cleaning), ServiceMaster Restore (restoration and reconstruction), Terminix (termite and pest control) and Terminix Commercial (commercial termite and pest control).
Telenav is a leading provider of connected car and location-based services, focused on transforming life on the go for people - before, during, and after every drive. Leveraging our location platform, we enable our customers to deliver custom connected car and mobile experiences.
Tennant Company (Tennant), designs, manufactures and markets solutions that help create a cleaner, safer, healthier world. Tennant's floor maintenance and outdoor cleaning equipment, chemical-free cleaning technologies, coatings and related products are used to clean and coat surfaces in factories, office buildings, parking lots and streets, airports, hospitals, schools, warehouses, shopping centers and other retail environments, and more. The customers include building service contract cleaners to whom organizations outsource facilities maintenance, as well as user businesses, healthcare facilities, schools and local, state and federal governments who handle facilities maintenance themselves. On May 31, 2011, the Company acquired Water Star, Inc..
Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. ( www.tandemdiabetes.com ) is a medical device company dedicated to improving the lives of people with diabetes through relentless innovation and revolutionary customer experience. The Company takes an innovative, user-centric approach to the design, development and commercialization of products for people with diabetes who use insulin. Tandem?€?s flagship product, the t:slim X2??? insulin pump, is capable of remote software updates using a personal computer and features integrated continuous glucose monitoring, and optional automated insulin delivery technology. Tandem is based in San Diego, California. Follow Tandem Diabetes Care on Twitter @tandemdiabetes, use #tslimX2 and $TNDM. Follow Tandem Diabetes Care on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TandemDiabetes. Follow Tandem Diabetes Care on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/TandemDiabetes. Tandem Diabetes Care is a registered trademark and t:slim X2 is a trademark of Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.
TriNet provides small and medium size businesses (SMBs) with full-service HR solutions tailored by industry. To free SMBs from HR complexities, TriNet offers access to human capital expertise, benefits, risk mitigation and compliance, payroll and real-time technology. From Main Street to Wall Street, TriNet empowers SMBs to focus on what matters most?€?growing their business. TriNet, incredible starts here.
Teekay Tankers currently has a fleet of 52 double-hull tankers (including 26 Suezmax tankers, 17 Aframax tankers and nine LR2 product tankers), and also has four time chartered-in tankers. Teekay Tankers?€? vessels are typically employed through a mix of short- or medium-term fixed-rate time charter contracts and spot tanker market trading. Teekay Tankers also owns a Very Large Crude Carrier ( VLCC ) through a 50 percent-owned joint venture. In addition, Teekay Tankers owns a ship-to-ship transfer business that performs full service lightering and lightering support operations in the U.S. Gulf and Caribbean. Teekay Tankers was formed in December 2007 by Teekay Corporation as part of its strategy to expand its conventional oil tanker business.
Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd is a provider of international seaborne crude oil and petroleum product transportation services. As of April 26, 2013, operated a fleet of 45 modern petroleum product tankers and crude oil carriers that provide world-wide marine transportation services for national, major and other independent oil companies and refiners under long, medium and short-term charters. Its fleet also includes one liquefied natural gas (LNG) carrier and two 2013-built DP2 shuttle suezmax tankers, The Company's fleet is managed by Tsakos Energy Management Limited (Tsakos Energy Management), an affiliate company owned. Tsakos Energy Management provides the Company with advisory, financial, accounting and back-office services, while subcontracting the commercial management of its business to Tsakos Shipping, and day-to-day fleet technical management, such as vessel operations, repairs, supplies and crewing, to TCM, independent tanker managers.
Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd 8.75% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares
Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares par value $1.00
Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd Series F Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares par value $1.00
Tonix is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, licensing, acquiring and developing small molecules and biologics to treat and prevent human disease and alleviate suffering. Tonix?€?s portfolio is primarily composed of central nervous system (CNS) and immunology product candidates. The immunology portfolio includes vaccines to prevent infectious diseases and biologics to address immunosuppression, cancer and autoimmune diseases. The CNS portfolio includes both small molecules and biologics to treat pain, neurologic, psychiatric and addiction conditions. Tonix?€?s lead vaccine candidate, TNX-1800*, is a live replicating vaccine based on the horsepox viral vector platform to protect against COVID-19, primarily by eliciting a T cell response. Tonix expects data from animal studies of TNX-1800 in the fourth quarter of this year and the first quarter of 2021. TNX-801*, live horsepox virus vaccine for percutaneous administration, is in development to protect against smallpox and monkeypox. Tonix is also developing TNX-2300* and TNX-2600*, live replicating vaccine candidates for the prevention of COVID-19, but using bovine parainfluenza as the vector. Tonix?€?s lead CNS candidate, TNX-102 SL**, is in Phase 3 development for the management of fibromyalgia. The Company expects topline data in the Phase 3 RELIEF study in the fourth quarter of 2020. Tonix is also currently enrolling participants in the Phase 3 RALLY study for the management of fibromyalgia using TNX-102 SL, and the results are expected in second half of 2021. TNX-102 SL is also in development for PTSD, agitation in Alzheimer?€?s disease (AAD) and alcohol use disorder (AUD). The PTSD program is in Phase 3 development while AAD and AUD are Phase 2 ready. The AAD program has FDA Fast Track designation. Tonix?€?s programs for treating addiction conditions also include TNX-1300* (T172R/G173Q double-mutant cocaine esterase 200 mg, i.v. solution), which is in Phase 2 development for the treatment of life-threatening cocaine intoxication and has FDA Breakthrough Therapy designation. TNX-601 CR** (tianeptine oxalate controlled-release tablets) is another CNS program, currently in Phase 1 development as a daytime treatment for depression while TNX-1900**, intranasal oxytocin, is in development as a non-addictive treatment for migraine and cranio-facial pain. Tonix?€?s preclinical pipeline includes TNX-1600** (triple reuptake inhibitor), a new molecular entity being developed as a treatment for PTSD; TNX-1500* (anti-CD154), a monoclonal antibody being developed to prevent and treat organ transplant rejection and autoimmune conditions; and TNX-1700* (rTFF2), a biologic being developed to treat gastric and pancreatic cancers. 1 Gopalakrishnan, M et al. J Clin Psychiatry. 2020; 81(2):19r12960 2 Laughren, TP J Clin Psychiatry. 2020; 81(2):19com13110 *TNX-1800, TNX-801, TNX-2300, TNX-2600, TNX-1300, TNX-1500 and TNX-1700 are investigational new biologics and have not been approved for any indication. **TNX-102 SL, TNX-601 CR, TNX-1600 and TNX-1900 are investigational new drugs and have not been approved for any indication.
Toll Brothers, Inc., A FORTUNE 500 Company, is the nation's leading builder of luxury homes. The Company began business over fifty years ago in 1967 and became a public company in 1986. Its common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ?€?TOL.?€? The Company serves move-up, empty-nester, active-adult, and second-home buyers, as well as urban and suburban renters. It operates in 23 states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Utah, Virginia, and Washington, as well as in the District of Columbia. Toll Brothers builds an array of luxury residential single-family detached, attached home, master planned resort-style golf, and urban low-, mid-, and high-rise communities, principally on land it develops and improves. The Company acquires and develops rental apartment and commercial properties through Toll Brothers Apartment Living, Toll Brothers Campus Living, and the affiliated Toll Brothers Realty Trust, and develops urban low-, mid-, and high-rise for-sale condominiums through Toll Brothers City Living. The Company operates its own architectural, engineering, mortgage, title, land development and land sale, golf course development and management, and landscape subsidiaries. Toll Brothers also operates its own security company, TBI Smart Home Solutions, which also provides homeowners with home automation and a full range of technology solutions. The Company also operates its own lumber distribution, house component assembly, and manufacturing operations. Through its Gibraltar Real Estate Capital joint venture, the Company provides builders and developers with land banking, non-recourse debt and equity capital. In 2020, Toll Brothers was named World?€?s Most Admired Home Building Company in Fortune magazine?€?s survey of the World?€?s Most Admired Companies ??*, the sixth year in a row it has been so honored. Toll Brothers has won numerous other awards, including Builder of the Year from both Professional Builder magazine and Builder magazine, the first two-time recipient from Builder magazine.
TOMI Environmental Solutions, Inc. (TOMI) is a global decontamination and infectious disease control company. The Company provides green energy-efficient environmental solutions for indoor surface decontamination through sales and licensing of its premier platform of Hydrogen Peroxide aerosols, Ultra-Violet Ozone Generators and Ultra-Violet Germicidal Irradiation (UVGI) products and technologies. Its products are designed to service a broad spectrum of commercial structures, including medical facilities, office buildings, hotel and motel rooms, schools, restaurants, meat and produce processing facilities, military barracks, and athletic facilities. The Company's products and services have also been used in single-family homes and multi-unit residences. It operates two service hubs in Southern California and New York/New Jersey.
Top Ships Inc. operates as an international maritime shipping company. It provides international seaborne transportation services carrying petroleum products and crude oil for the oil industry; and drybulk commodities for the steel, electric utility, construction, and agriculture-food industries. The company was formerly known as Top Tankers Inc. and changed its name to Top Ships Inc. in December 2007. Top Ships Inc. was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Maroussi, Greece.
TOTAL S.A. operates as an oil and gas company worldwide. The company operates through three segments: Upstream, Refining & Chemicals, and Marketing & Services. The Upstream segment explores and produces oil and gas; ships, trades, and markets natural gas, liquefied natural gas, and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG); generates power; and mines and markets coal. The Refining & Chemicals segment refines and produces petrochemicals; and provides sealing, insulation, fluid transfer, and transmission and transportation solutions, as well as offers chemical processes and services for electronics, surface finishing, and semiconductor manufacturing. It is also involved in trading and shipping crude oil and petroleum products. The Marketing & Services segment supplies and markets petroleum products, including automotive fuels, biofuels, home heating oil and heavy fuel oil, lubricants, LPG, asphalt, aviation fuel, additives and special fuels, and special fluids through service stations for light vehicles and trucks. It also develops renewable energies with a focus on solar and biomass. TOTAL S.A. was founded in 1924 and is based in Paris, France.

Tottenham Acquisition I Ltd - Tradeable Rights - June 2020
Tottenham Acquisition I Ltd - Units (1 Ord 1 Warr 1 Rts)
Tottenham Acquisition I Ltd - Warrants (06/05/2025)
Tuniu is a leading online leisure travel company in China that offers a large selection of packaged tours, including organized and self-guided tours, as well as travel-related services for leisure travelers through its website tuniu.com and mobile platform. Tuniu covers over 420 departing cities throughout China and all popular destinations worldwide. Tuniu provides one-stop leisure travel solutions and a compelling customer experience through its online platform and offline service network, including a dedicated team of professional customer service representatives, 24/7 call centers, extensive networks of offline retail stores and self-operated local tour operators.
As one of the top community banks in Virginia and North Carolina, TowneBank operates 42 banking offices serving Chesapeake, Chesterfield County, Glen Allen, Hampton, James City County, Mechanicsville, Newport News, Norfolk, Portsmouth, Richmond, Suffolk, Virginia Beach, Williamsburg, and York County in Virginia, along with Raleigh, Cary, Charlotte, Greensboro, Greenville, Moyock, Grandy, Camden County, Southern Shores, Corolla, Duck and Nags Head in North Carolina. TowneBank also offers a full range of financial services through its controlled divisions and subsidiaries that include Towne Investment Group, Towne Wealth Management, Towne Insurance Agency, Towne Benefits, TowneBank Mortgage, TowneBank Commercial Mortgage, Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Towne Realty, Towne 1031 Exchange, LLC, and Towne Vacations. Local decision-making is a hallmark of its hometown banking strategy that is delivered through the leadership of each group?€?s President and Board of Directors. With total assets of $14.80??billion as of September??30, 2020, TowneBank is one of the largest banks headquartered in Virginia. Non-GAAP Financial Measures: This press release contains financial information determined by methods other than in accordance with GAAP. The Company's management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in its analysis of the Company's performance. These measures typically adjust GAAP performance measures to exclude the effects of the amortization of intangibles and include the tax benefit associated with revenue items that are tax-exempt, as well as adjust income available to common shareholders for certain significant activities or transactions that are infrequent in nature. Management believes presentations of these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful supplemental information that is essential to a proper understanding of the operating results of the Company?€?s core businesses. These non-GAAP disclosures should not be viewed as a substitute for operating results determined in accordance with GAAP, nor are they necessarily comparable to non-GAAP performance measures that may be presented by other companies. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP disclosures are included as tables at the end of this release.
Louisville, Kentucky-based Turning Point Brands, Inc. is a leading U.S. provider of Other Tobacco Products and adult consumer alternatives. TPB, through its focus brands generates solid cash flow which it uses to finance acquisitions, increase brand support and strengthen its capital structure. TPB does not sell cigarettes.
Tutor Perini Corporation is a leading civil, building and specialty construction company offering diversified general contracting and design-build services to private clients and public agencies throughout the world. We have provided construction services since 1894 and have established a strong reputation within our markets by executing large, complex projects on time and within budget while adhering to strict quality control measures.
Tribune Publishing Company is a media company rooted in award-winning journalism. Headquartered in Chicago, Tribune Publishing operates local media businesses in eight markets with titles including??the Chicago Tribune, New York Daily News, The Baltimore Sun, Hartford Courant, South Florida's Sun Sentinel and Orlando Sentinel, Virginia?€?s Daily Press and The Virginian-Pilot, and The Morning Call of Lehigh Valley, Pennsylvania. In addition to award-winning local media businesses, Tribune Publishing operates Tribune Content Agency and is the majority owner of the product review website BestReviews. Tribune?€?s unique and valuable content across its brands have earned a combined 65 Pulitzer Prizes and are committed to informing, inspiring and engaging local communities. Our brands are committed to??informing, inspiring and engaging local communities. We create and distribute content across our media portfolio, offering integrated marketing, media, and business services to consumers and advertisers, including digital solutions and advertising opportunities.
TPG Pace Beneficial Finance Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/5 War)
Headquartered in Irvine, California, TRI Pointe Group, Inc. is a family of premium, regional homebuilders that designs, builds, and sells homes in major U.S. markets. As one of the top 10 largest public homebuilding companies based on revenue in the United States, TRI Pointe Group combines the resources, operational sophistication, and leadership of a national organization with the regional insights, community ties, and agility of local homebuilders. The TRI Pointe Group family includes Maracay?? in Arizona, Pardee Homes?? in California and Nevada, Quadrant Homes?? in Washington, Trendmaker?? Homes in Texas, TRI Pointe Homes?? in California, Colorado and the Carolinas, and Winchester?? Homes* in Maryland and Virginia. TRI Pointe Group was named 2019 Builder of the Year by Builder and Developer magazine, recognized in Fortune magazine?€?s 2017 100 Fastest-Growing Companies list, and garnered the 2015 Builder of the Year Award by Builder magazine. The company was also named one of the Best Places to Work in Orange County by the Orange County Business Journal in 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019.
No Description Available
TPI Composites, Inc. is the only independent manufacturer of composite wind blades for the wind energy market with a global manufacturing footprint. TPI delivers high-quality, cost-effective composite solutions through long term relationships with leading OEMs in the wind and transportation markets. TPI is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona and operates factories throughout the U.S., China, Mexico, Turkey, and India. TPI operates additional engineering development centers in Denmark and Germany.
Texas Pacific Land Trust is one of the largest landowners in the State of Texas with approximately 900,000 acres of land in West Texas. The Trust was organized under a Declaration of Trust to receive and hold title to extensive tracts of land in the State of Texas, previously the property of the Texas and Pacific Railway Company, and to issue transferable Certificates of Proprietary Interest pro rata to the holders of certain debt securities of the Texas and Pacific Railway Company. Texas Pacific Land Trust?€?s Trustees are empowered under the Declaration of Trust to manage the lands with all the powers of an absolute owner. Texas Pacific Land Trust is not a REIT.
Tapestry, Inc. is a New York-based house of modern luxury lifestyle brands. The Company?€?s portfolio includes Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. Our Company and our brands are founded upon a creative and consumer-led view of luxury that stands for inclusivity and approachability. Each of our brands are unique and independent, while sharing a commitment to innovation and authenticity defined by distinctive products and differentiated customer experiences across channels and geographies.
Third Point Reinsurance Ltd. (Third Point Re) is a property and casualty reinsurance company. The Company operates in two segments: Property and Casualty Reinsurance and Catastrophe Risk Management. The Company owns investments, which are held in a separate account and managed by Third Point LLC on substantially the same basis as its main hedge funds, including Third Point Partners L.P., the original Third Point LLC hedge fund. The Company's investment manager is managed by Third Point L.L.C.
Turning Point Therapeutics Inc
TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp
TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp. 5.75% Notes due 2022
Tempur Sealy International, Inc. is the world's largest bedding manufacturer. Tempur Sealy International, Inc.??develops, manufactures, and markets mattresses, foundations, pillows and other products. The Company's products are sold worldwide through third party retailers, its own stores, and online. The Company's brand portfolio includes many highly recognized brands in the industry, including Tempur??, Tempur-Pedic??, Sealy?? featuring Posturepedic?? Technology, and Stearns & Foster??. World headquarters for??Tempur Sealy International??is in??Lexington, KY. For more information, visit http://www.tempursealy.com or call 800-805-3635.
Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells confectionery products primarily in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. It sells its products under the TOOTSIE ROLL, TOOTSIE ROLL POPS, CHILD??S PLAY, CARAMEL APPLE POPS, CHARMS, BLOW-POP, CHARMS MINI POPS, CELLA??S, MASON DOTS, MASON CROWS, JUNIOR MINTS, CHARLESTON CHEW, SUGAR DADDY, SUGAR BABIES, ANDES, FLUFFY STUFF, DUBBLE BUBBLE, RAZZLES, CRY BABY, and NIK-L-NIP names. The company sells its products directly and through approximately 30 candy and grocery brokers to wholesale distributors of candy and groceries, supermarkets, variety stores, dollar stores, chain grocers, drug chains, discount chains, cooperative grocery associations, mass merchandisers, warehouse and membership club stores, vending machine operators, the U.S. military, and fund-raising charitable organizations. Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc. was founded in 1896 and is based in Chicago, Illinois.
Tejon Ranch Co. is a diversified real estate development and agribusiness company, whose principal asset is its 270,000-acre land holding located approximately 60 miles north of Los Angeles and 30 miles south of Bakersfield.
Torchlight Energy Resources, Inc., based in Plano, Texas, is a high growth oil and gas Exploration and Production (E&P) company with a primary focus on acquisition and development of highly profitable domestic oil fields. The company has assets focused in West and Central Texas where their targets are established plays such as the Permian Basin.

Trebia Acquisition Corp. Units each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share and onethird of one Warrant
Trebia Acquisition Corp. Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share
TREC owns and operates a specialty petrochemicals facility specializing in high purity hydrocarbons and other petrochemical manufacturing and a specialty wax facility, both located in Texas, and provides custom processing services at both facilities.
LendingTree is the nation's leading online marketplace that connects consumers with the choices they need to be confident in their financial decisions. LendingTree empowers consumers to shop for financial services the same way they would shop for airline tickets or hotel stays, by comparing multiple offers from a nationwide network of approximately 800 partners in one simple search and choosing the option that best fits their financial needs. Services include mortgage loans, mortgage refinances, auto loans, personal loans, business loans, student refinances, credit cards, insurance and more. Through the My LendingTree platform, consumers receive free credit scores, credit monitoring and recommendations to improve credit health. My LendingTree proactively compares consumers' credit accounts against offers on our network and notifies consumers when there is an opportunity to save money. In short, LendingTree's purpose is to help simplify financial decisions for life's meaningful moments through choice, education and support.
Trex Company, Inc. [NYSE: TREX] is the world?€?s largest manufacturer of high performance wood-alternative decking and railing, with more than 25 years of product experience. Stocked in more than 6,700 retail locations worldwide, Trex outdoor living products offer a wide range of style options with fewer ongoing maintenance requirements than wood, as well as an environmentally responsible choice.
Targa Resources Partners LP is a Delaware limited partnership formed in October 2006 by its parent, Targa Resources Corp. (?€?TRC?€? or the ?€?Company?€?), to own, operate, acquire and develop a diversified portfolio of complementary midstream infrastructure assets. On February 17, 2016 TRC completed the acquisition of all outstanding common units of the Partnership. Targa Resources Corp. is a leading provider of midstream services and is one of the largest independent midstream infrastructure companies in North America. Targa owns, operates, acquires and develops a diversified portfolio of complementary midstream infrastructure assets. The Company is primarily engaged in the business of: gathering, compressing, treating, processing, transporting and purchasing and selling natural gas; transporting, storing, fractionating, treating and purchasing and selling NGLs and NGL products, including services to LPG exporters; and gathering, storing, terminaling and purchasing and selling crude oil. The principal executive offices of Targa Resources Partners LP are located at 811 Louisiana, Suite 2100, Houston, TX 77002 and their telephone number is 713-584-1000.
TRHC is a leader in providing patient-specific, data-driven technology and solutions that enable healthcare organizations to optimize medication regimens to improve patient outcomes, reduce hospitalizations, lower healthcare costs and manage risk. TRHC provides solutions for a range of payers, pharmacist providers and other healthcare organizations.
Thomson Reuters Corporation provides intelligent information for businesses and professionals worldwide. The company sells electronic content and services to professionals primarily on a subscription basis. It operates through four segments: Financial & Risk, Legal, Tax & Accounting, and Intellectual Property & Science. The Financial & Risk segment offers news, and information and analytics, as well as enables transactions and brings together communities that allow trading, investing, financial, and corporate professionals to connect. This segment also provides regulatory and operational risk management solutions. The Legal segment offers critical online and print information, decision tools, and software and services to support legal, investigation, business, and government professionals. This segment??s products and services include legal research solutions; know-how solutions; software-based workflow solutions; compliance solutions; marketing, finance, and operations software; litigation support tools; and business development and legal process outsourcing services. The Tax & Accounting segment provides integrated tax compliance and accounting information, software, and services for professionals in accounting firms, corporations, law firms, and government. The Intellectual Property & Science segment offers intellectual property and scientific information, and decision support tools and services that enable governments, academia, publishers, corporations, and law firms to discover, protect, and commercialize new ideas and brands. Thomson Reuters Corporation also operates Reuters, which provides real-time multimedia news and information services to newspapers, television and cable networks, radio stations, and Websites. The company was formerly known as The Thomson Corporation and changed its name to Thomson Reuters Corporation in April 2008. Thomson Reuters Corporation was incorporated in 1977 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
Trinity Biotech plc (Trinity Biotech)develops, acquires, manufactures and markets medical diagnostic products for the clinical laboratory and point-of-care segments of the diagnostic market. These products are used to detect autoimmune, infectious and sexually transmitted diseases, diabetes and disorders of the liver and intestine. The Company is a provider of raw materials to the life sciences industry and research institutes globally through the Company subsidiary, Fitzgerald Industries. It markets its portfolio of over 275 products to customers in 75 countries around the world. It markets its products in the United States through a direct sales force and in the rest of the world through a combination of direct selling and a network of distributors. On July 26, 2013, it acquired Immco Diagnostics Inc.
Trillium is an immuno-oncology company developing innovative therapies for the treatment of cancer. The company?€?s two clinical programs, TTI-621 and TTI-622,??target CD47, a ?€?don?€?t eat me?€? signal that cancer cells frequently use to evade the immune system.
Tripadvisor, the world's largest travel platform*, helps hundreds of millions of travelers each month** make every trip their best trip. Travelers across the globe use the Tripadvisor site and app to browse more than 878 million reviews and opinions of 8.8 million accommodations, restaurants, experiences, airlines and cruises. Whether planning or on a trip, travelers turn to Tripadvisor to compare low prices on hotels, flights and cruises, book popular tours and attractions, as well as reserve tables at great restaurants. Tripadvisor, the ultimate travel companion, is available in 49 markets and 28 languages. The subsidiaries of Tripadvisor, Inc., own and operate a portfolio of travel media brands and businesses, operating under various websites and apps, including the following websites: www.bokun.io, www.cruisecritic.com, www.flipkey.com, www.thefork.com (including www.lafourchette.com, www.eltenedor.com, www.bookatable.co.uk, and www.delinski.com ), www.helloreco.com, www.holidaylettings.co.uk, www.housetrip.com, www.jetsetter.com, www.niumba.com, www.seatguru.com, www.singleplatform.com, www.vacationhomerentals.com, and www.viator.com. *?? Source: SimilarWeb, September 2020 ** Source: Tripadvisor internal log files TRIP-G SOURCE Tripadvisor Related Links http://www.tripadvisor.com
Triterras Inc - Class A
Triterras Inc - Warrants (02/02/2021)
Trimble provides scalable cloud-based reporting and analytics to help customers better plan, manage and optimize real estate portfolios, buildings and workplaces. With integrated software modules for financial management, including accounting, lease and FASB/IASB compliance; space management, room and desk booking; as well as projects, maintenance and sustainability, ManhattanONE enables customers to improve real estate performance, space utilization and employee experience. With enhanced visibility and unrivalled control, customers can make decisions with speed and confidence, building experiences that motivate people and elevate the properties in which they work.
TORM plc
Trustmark National Bank is a subsidiary of Trustmark Corporation, a diversified financial services company headquartered in Jackson, Mississippi, with 193 locations in Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Tennessee and Texas.
Tremont Mortgage Trust
Trinity Industries, Inc., headquartered in Dallas, Texas, owns businesses that are leading providers of rail transportation products and services in North America. Our rail-related businesses market their railcar products and services under the trade name TrinityRail ??. The TrinityRail platform provides railcar leasing and management services, as well as railcar manufacturing, maintenance and modifications. Trinity also owns businesses engaged in the manufacture of products used on the nation?€?s roadways and in traffic control, as well as a logistics business that primarily provides support services to Trinity. Trinity reports its financial results in three principal business segments: the Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group, the Rail Products Group, and the All Other Group.
Pacer Trendpilot Fund of Funds ETF

Trine Acquisition Corp Units
Trine Acquisition Corp Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 1150
Terreno Realty Corporation (Terreno) focuses on acquiring on acquiring, owning and operating industrial real estate located in six coastal United States markets: Los Angeles Area; Northern New Jersey/New York City; San Francisco Bay Area; Seattle Area; Miami Area; and Washington, D.C./Baltimore. Terreno invests in several types of industrial real estate, including warehouse/distribution, flex (including light industrial and research and development (R&D)) and trans-shipment. In October 2013, Terreno Realty Corporation acquired an industrial property located in East Hanover, New Jersey. On October 17, 2013, the Company announced that it has acquired two industrial properties located in Carlstadt, New Jersey. On November 6, 2013, the Company announced that it has acquired an industrial property located in Piscataway, New Jersey. In November 2013, Terreno Realty Corporation acquired an industrial property located in Jessup, Maryland.
Transcat, Inc. is a provider of calibration, repair, inspection and compliance services and distributor of professional grade handheld test, measurement and control instrumentation. The Company operates in two segments: Service and Distribution. The Company's Service segment also offers compliance services, which include remediation, validation and analytical services primarily to pharmaceutical and FDA-regulated customers. Through its Distribution segment, the Company markets and sells national and brand instruments to approximately 15,000 customers. The Company provides products and services to pharmaceutical industry and FDA-regulated businesses, such as biotechnology and medical device manufacturing; industrial manufacturing companies; energy industry and power, natural gas and water utility companies; chemical process industry, and other industries which require accuracy in their processes and confirmation of the capabilities of their equipment.
T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. is a financial services holding company, which provides global investment management services through its subsidiaries to individual and institutional investors in the sponsored T. Rowe Price mutual funds and other investment portfolios, including separately managed accounts, sub-advised funds, and other sponsored investment funds offered to investors outside the United States and through variable annuity life insurance plans in the United States. The Company derives revenue from investment advisory services provided by its subsidiaries, such as T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. and T. Rowe Price International Ltd. Its revenues depend on the total value and composition of assets under its management. Its assets under management are accumulated from a client base across four distribution channels. Effective August 20, 2013, T Rowe Price Group Inc acquired an undisclosed interest in GrubHub Inc, a provider of online food delivery services.
Tronox Holdings plc??is one of the world's leading producers of high-quality titanium products, including titanium dioxide pigment, specialty-grade titanium dioxide products and high-purity titanium chemicals; and zircon. We mine titanium-bearing mineral sands and operate upgrading facilities that produce high-grade titanium feedstock materials, pig iron and other minerals. With nearly 7,000 employees across six continents, our rich diversity, unmatched vertical integration model, and unparalleled operational and technical expertise across the value chain, position Tronox??as the preeminent titanium dioxide producer in the world.
TransCanada Corporation operates as an energy infrastructure company in North America. The company operates in three segments: Natural Gas Pipelines, Liquids Pipelines, and Energy. The Natural Gas Pipelines segment owns and operates natural gas pipelines and regulated natural gas storage facilities. This segment transports natural gas to local distribution companies, power generation facilities, and other businesses. The Liquids Pipelines segment owns and operates Keystone pipeline system comprising 4,247 kilometers transporting crude oil from Hardisty, Alberta to Wood River and Patoka in Illinois; Cushing, Oklahoma; and Port Arthur, Texas. This segment also operates Cushing Marketlink that transports crude oil from the market hub at Cushing, Oklahoma to the U.S. Gulf Coast refining market. The Energy segment owns and operates 19 electrical power generation plants; and 2 non-regulated natural gas storage facilities in Alberta, Ontario, Qu??bec, New Brunswick, New York, New England, and Arizona. This segment is involved in owning, controlling, or developing generation capacity powered by natural gas, nuclear, coal, hydro, wind, and solar assets. As of February 13, 2015, it operated a network of natural gas pipelines that covers approximately 68,500 kilometers; had approximately 400 billion cubic feet of storage capacity; and owned or had interests in approximately 11,900 megawatts of power generation. TransCanada Corporation was founded in 1951 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.
Turquoise Hill is an international mining company focused on the operation and continued development of the Oyu Tolgoi copper-gold mine in Mongolia, which is the Company's principal and only material mineral resource property. Turquoise Hill's ownership of the Oyu Tolgoi mine is held through a 66% interest in Oyu Tolgoi LLC (Oyu Tolgoi); Erdenes Oyu Tolgoi LLC (Erdenes), a Mongolian state-owned entity, holds the remaining 34% interest.
TriMas is a global manufacturer and provider of products for customers primarily in the consumer products, aerospace and industrial end markets, with approximately 3,500 dedicated employees in 11 countries. We provide customers with a wide range of innovative and quality product solutions through our market-leading businesses. Our TriMas family of businesses has strong brand names in the end markets served, and operates under a common set of values and strategic priorities under the TriMas Business Model. TriMas is publicly traded on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol ?€?TRS,?€? and is headquartered in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.
TrustCo Bank Corp NY is a $5.7 billion savings and loan holding company. Through its subsidiary, Trustco Bank, Trustco operates 148 offices in New York, New Jersey, Vermont, Massachusetts and Florida. Trustco has a more than 100-year tradition of providing high-quality services, including a wide variety of deposit and loan products. In addition, Trustco Bank?€?s Financial Services Department offers a full range of investment services, retirement planning and trust and estate administration services. Trustco Bank is rated as one of the best performing savings banks in the country. The common shares of TrustCo are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol TRST.
Trio-Tech International (Trio-Tech), provides third party semiconductor testing and burn-in services through its laboratories in Asia. The Company also designs, develops, manufactures and markets a broad range of equipment and systems used in the manufacturing and testing of semiconductor devices and electronic components . The Company operates in five segments: Manufacturing, Distribution, Testing Services, Fabrication Services and Real Estate. It operates in the United States, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, People's Republic of China and Indonesia. The Company operates six testing services facilities; one in the United States and five in Southeast Asia. The Company operates two manufacturing facilities: one is located in the United States and the other one is in Southeast Asia. Its distribution segment, the real estate segment and fabrication services operate in Southeast Asia.
Triton International Limited is the world?€?s largest lessor of intermodal freight containers. With a container fleet of over 6.0 million twenty-foot equivalent units ("TEU"), Triton?€?s global operations include acquisition, leasing, re-leasing and subsequent sale of multiple types of intermodal containers and chassis.


TRTX is a commercial real estate finance company that focuses primarily on directly originating, acquiring and managing commercial mortgage loans and other commercial real estate-related debt instruments for its balance sheet. TRTX is externally managed and advised by TPG RE Finance Trust Management, L.P., an affiliate of TPG Global, LLC.
TransUnion is a global information and insights company that makes trust possible in the modern economy. We do this by providing a comprehensive picture of each person so they can be reliably and safely represented in the marketplace. As a result, businesses and consumers can transact with confidence and achieve great things. We call this Information for Good.?? TransUnion Healthcare, a wholly owned subsidiary of TransUnion, makes mutual trust possible between patients, providers, and payers by helping them navigate payment uncertainty. Our Revenue Protection ?? solutions leverage comprehensive data, accurate insights and industry expertise to engage patients early, ensure earned revenue gets paid and optimize payment strategies. TransUnion Healthcare helps over 1,850 hospitals and 550,000 physicians collectively recover more than $1.2 billion annually in revenue. A leading presence in more than 30 countries across five continents, TransUnion provides solutions that help create economic opportunity, great experiences and personal empowerment for hundreds of millions of people. http://www.transunionhealthcare.com Contact Dave Blumberg TransUnion E-mail david.blumberg@transunion.com Telephone 312-972-6646
TrueCar??is a leading automotive digital marketplace that enables car buyers to connect to our nationwide network of Certified Dealers. We are building the industry's most personalized and efficient car-buying experience as we seek to bring more of the purchasing process online. Consumers who visit our marketplace will find a suite of vehicle discovery tools, price ratings and market context on new and used cars ?€? all with a clear view of what?€?s a great deal. When they are ready,??TrueCar??will enable them to connect with a local Certified Dealer who shares in our belief that truth, transparency and fairness are the foundation of a great car buying experience. As part of our marketplace,??TrueCar??powers car-buying programs for over 250 leading brands, including??AARP, Sam?€?s Club, and??American Express. Nearly half of all new-car buyers engage with??TrueCar??powered sites, where they buy smarter and drive happier. TrueCar??is headquartered in??Santa Monica,??California, with offices in??Austin, Texas??and??Boston,??Massachusetts.
Trupanion is a leader in medical insurance for cats and dogs throughout the United States and Canada. For over two decades, Trupanion has given pet owners peace of mind so they can focus on their pet's recovery, not financial stress. Trupanion is committed to providing pet owners with the highest value in pet medical insurance with unlimited payouts for the life of their pets. Trupanion is listed on NASDAQ under the symbol "TRUP". The company was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Seattle, WA. Trupanion policies are issued, in the United States, by its wholly-owned insurance entity American Pet Insurance Company and, in Canada, by Omega General Insurance Company.
The Travelers Companies, Inc. is a leading provider of property casualty insurance for auto, home and business. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, Travelers has approximately 30,000 employees and generated revenues of approximately $32 billion in 2019.
trivago N.V. is a global hotel search platform. We are focused on reshaping the way travelers search for and compare hotels, while enabling hotel advertisers to grow their businesses by providing access to a broad audience of travelers via our websites and apps. Our platform allows travelers to make informed decisions by personalizing their hotel search and providing access to a deep supply of hotel information and prices.
Trevi Therapeutics, Inc.??is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of Haduvio to treat serious neurologically mediated conditions. Trevi is currently developing Haduvio for the treatment of chronic pruritus, chronic cough in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) and levodopa-induced dyskinesia (LID) in patients with Parkinson?€?s disease. These conditions share a common pathophysiology that is mediated through opioid receptors in the central and peripheral nervous systems. Trevi is currently conducting a Phase 2b/3 clinical trial of Haduvio, referred to as the PRISM trial, in patients with severe pruritus associated with prurigo nodularis. Founded in 2011,??Trevi Therapeutics??is headquartered in??New Haven, CT. About HADUVIO Haduvio is an oral extended release formulation of nalbuphine. Nalbuphine is a mixed ??-opioid receptor agonist and ??-opioid receptor antagonist that has been approved and marketed as an injectable for pain indications for more than 20 years in the United States and Europe. The ??- and ??-opioid receptors are known to be critical mediators of itch, cough and certain movement disorders. Nalbuphine?€?s mechanism of action also mitigates the risk of abuse associated with ??-opioid agonists because it antagonizes, or blocks, ??-opioid receptors. Nalbuphine is currently the only opioid approved for marketing that is not classified as a controlled substance in the United States and most of Europe. Trevi intends to propose Haduvio as the trade name for the nalbuphine ER investigational product and will therefore use that name in Company materials going forward. Haduvio is an investigational drug product and its safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.
Trevena, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel medicines for patients with CNS disorders. The Company has one approved product in the United States, OLINVYK??? (oliceridine) injection, indicated in adults for the management of acute pain severe enough to require an intravenous opioid analgesic and for whom alternative treatments are inadequate. The Company also has four novel and differentiated investigational drug candidates: TRV250 for the acute treatment of migraine, TRV734 for maintenance treatment of opioid use disorder, and TRV027 for acute lung injury / abnormal blood clotting in COVID-19 patients. The Company has also identified TRV045, a novel S1P receptor modulator that may offer a new, non-opioid approach to treating a variety of CNS disorders.
Tanzanian Royalty Exploration Corporation is a mineral resource company with exploration-stage properties, which engages in the acquisition of interests in and the exploration of natural resource properties. The Company's main area of interest has been in the exploration of gold properties, with a primary focus on exploring for gold properties in Tanzania. The Company's principal exploration properties are all located in the United Republic of Tanzania, Africa. The Buckreef Project is located in north central Tanzania immediately to the south of Lake Victoria, in the Mwanza Provincial District. The Kigosi Project area is principally located within the Kigosi Game Reserve controlled area. The Lunguya Property is located in the Kahama District of Tanzania. Its subsidiaries include Itetemia Mining Company Limited, Lunguya Mining Company Ltd., Tancan Mining Company Limited, Tanzania American International Development Corporation 2000 Limited and Buckreef Gold Company Limited.
TransEnterix, Inc., a medical device company, focuses on the development and commercialization of a robotic assisted surgical system in the United States and internationally. The company develops SurgiBot System, a single-incision, patient-side robotic-assisted surgery system. The SurgiBot System comprises of SurgiBot Base, a reusable robotic base that provides the platform of the system; the EndoDrive, a single port, surgical access device for abdominal surgery; and the Positioning Arm, a reusable arm that supports and repositions the SurgiBot Base at the operating table. The company also develops and manufactures flexible and rigid laparoscopic surgical instruments that are used in abdominal surgery, such as scissors, graspers, clip appliers, flexible energy device, and suction and irrigation instruments. TransEnterix, Inc. is headquartered in Morrisville, North Carolina.
Tenaris S.A., through its subsidiaries, manufactures and supplies steel pipe products and related services for the energy and other industrial applications. It offers products for oil and gas drilling operations that include casings and tubings, premium connections, drill pipes, coiled tubing, hot-rolled and cold-drawn tubes, tubular and non-tubular accessories, and devices, as well as technical consulting, pipe management, and field services. The company also offers offshore line pipe products, such as top tensioned and steel catenary risers, export lines and flow lines, bends, corrosion resistant alloys, coiled line pipes, umbilical tubing, and coated pipes; seamless and welded tubes for onshore line pipe; a range of seamless steel tubes for use in hydrocarbon processing industries comprising refineries, and petrochemical and gas-processing plants; and tubular products for the power generation industry. In addition, it provides sucker rods, couplings, and accessories; coiled tubing; a range of seamless tubes and tube-based components for car manufacturers and their suppliers; and seamless tubular products and components for various industrial applications consisting of gas and hydraulic cylinders, mechanical tubings, mining and geological exploration, and civil and engineering structures, as well as gas, water, and fire extinguishing systems. Further, the company offers financial services. Tenaris S.A. operates in North and South Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Far East, and Oceania. The company was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Luxembourg. Tenaris S.A. is a subsidiary of Techint Holdings S.?? r.l.
Timberland Bancorp, Inc., a Washington corporation, is the holding company for Timberland Bank (?€?Bank?€?). The Bank opened for business in 1915 and serves consumers and businesses across Grays Harbor, Thurston, Pierce, King, Kitsap and Lewis counties, Washington with a full range of lending and deposit services through its 24 branches (including its main office in Hoquiam).
TriState Capital Holdings, Inc. is a bank holding company. Its wholly owned bank subsidiary is TriState Capital Bank (the Bank), a commercial bank. It offers its clients a range of products and services, including loan and deposit products, cash management services and capital market services such as interest rate swaps. Its loan products include, among others, commercial and personal loans, asset-based loans, commercial real estate loans, loans secured by marketable securities, acquisition financing, and letters of credit. The Company's deposit products include, among others, checking accounts, money market deposit accounts, savings accounts, certificates of deposit, and Promontory's Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service (CDARS) and Insured Cash Sweep services. Its cash management services include online balance reporting, online bill payment, remote deposit, liquidity services, wire and ACH services, foreign exchange and controlled disbursement.
Tristate Capital Holdings Inc - FXDFR PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 - Ser A 1/40th int

Tractor Supply Company, the largest rural lifestyle retailer in the United States, has been passionate about serving its unique niche, as a one-stop shop for recreational farmers, ranchers and all those who enjoy living the rural lifestyle, for more than 80 years. Tractor Supply offers an extensive mix of products necessary to care for home, land, pets and animals with a focus on product localization, exclusive brands and legendary customer service that addresses the needs of the Out Here lifestyle. With more than 38,000 Team Members, the Company leverages its physical store assets with digital capabilities to offer customers the convenience of purchasing products they need anytime, anywhere and any way they choose at the everyday low prices they deserve. At June 27, 2020, the Company operated 1,881 Tractor Supply stores in 49 states and an e-commerce website at www.TractorSupply.com. Tractor Supply Company also owns and operates Petsense, a small-box pet specialty supply retailer focused on meeting the needs of pet owners, primarily in small and mid-size communities, and offering a variety of pet products and services. At June 27, 2020, the Company operated 180 Petsense stores in 25 states.
Trinseo is a global materials solutions provider and manufacturer of plastics, latex binders, and synthetic rubber with a focus on delivering innovative, sustainable, and value-creating products that are intrinsic to our daily lives. Trinseo is dedicated to making a positive impact on society by partnering with like-minded stakeholders, and supporting the sustainability goals of our customers in a wide range of end-markets including automotive, consumer electronics, appliances, medical devices, packaging, footwear, carpet, paper and board, building and construction, and tires. Trinseo had approximately $3.8 billion in net sales with 2,700 employees globally in 2019.
Tower Semiconductor Ltd. (NASDAQ: TSEM, TASE: TSEM), the leader in high-value analog semiconductor foundry solutions, provides technology and manufacturing platforms for integrated circuits (ICs) in growing markets such as consumer, industrial, automotive, mobile, infrastructure, medical and aerospace and defense. Tower Semiconductor focuses on creating positive and sustainable impact on the world through long term partnerships and its advanced and innovative analog technology offering, comprised of a broad range of customizable process platforms such as SiGe, BiCMOS, mixed-signal/CMOS, RF CMOS, CMOS image sensor, non-imaging sensors, integrated power management (BCD and 700V), and MEMS. Tower Semiconductor also provides world-class design enablement for a quick and accurate design cycle as well as Transfer Optimization and development Process Services (TOPS) to IDMs and fabless companies. To provide multi-fab sourcing and extended capacity for its customers, Tower Semiconductor operates two manufacturing facilities in Israel (150mm and 200mm), two in the U.S. (200mm) and three facilities in Japan (two 200mm and one 300mm) through TPSCo.
Taysha Gene Therapies Inc
TS Innovation Acquisitions Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Tesla Motors, Inc. (Tesla) designs, develops, manufactures and sells electric vehicles and advanced electric vehicle powertrain components. Tesla owns its sales and service network. The Company is engaged in commercially producing a federally-compliant electric vehicle, the Tesla Roadster. addition to developing its Model S and future vehicle manufacturing capabilities at the Tesla Factory, the Company is designing, developing and manufacturing lithium-ion battery packs, electric motors, gearboxes and components both for its vehicles and for its original equipment manufacturer customers. These activities occur at its electric powertrain manufacturing facility in Palo Alto, California and at the Tesla Factory. The Company provides services for the development of electric powertrain components and sells electric powertrain components to other automotive manufacturers.
TSLX is a specialty finance company focused on lending to middle-market companies. The Company seeks to generate current income primarily in U.S.-domiciled middle-market companies through direct originations of senior secured loans and, to a lesser extent, originations of mezzanine loans and investments in corporate bonds and equity securities. The Company has elected to be regulated as a business development company, or a BDC, under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. TSLX is externally managed by TSL Advisers, LLC, an affiliate of Sixth Street Partners and a Securities and Exchange Commission (?€?SEC?€?) registered investment adviser. TSLX leverages the deep investment, sector, and operating resources of Sixth Street Partners, a global finance and investment firm with over $34 billion of assets under management as of December 31, 2019.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited engages in the computer-aided design, manufacture, packaging, testing, sale, and marketing of integrated circuits and other semiconductor devices. The company is also involved in researching, developing, designing, manufacturing, and selling renewable energy and saving related technologies and products; and solid state lighting devices and related applications products and systems, as well as manufactures masks. In addition, it provides marketing and engineering support services; and customer service and technical support services, as well as manufactures and sells electronic parts and solar related products. Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Hsinchu, Taiwan.
Tyson Foods, Inc. is one of the world?€?s largest food companies and a recognized leader in protein. Founded in 1935 by John W. Tyson and grown under three generations of family leadership, the company has a broad portfolio of products and brands like??Tyson??, Jimmy Dean??, Hillshire Farm??, Ball Park??, Wright??, Aidells??, ibp????and??State Fair??. Tyson Foods innovates continually to make protein more sustainable, tailor food for everywhere it?€?s available and raise the world?€?s expectations for how much good food can do. Headquartered in Springdale, Arkansas, the company has 141,000 team members. Through its Core Values, Tyson Foods strives to operate with integrity, create value for its shareholders, customers, communities and team members and serve as a steward of the animals, land and environment entrusted to it. Visit www.tysonfoods.com.
Townsquare is a radio, digital media, entertainment and digital marketing solutions company principally focused on being the premier local advertising and marketing solutions platform in small and mid-sized markets across the U.S. Our assets include 322 radio stations and more than 330 local websites in 67 U.S. markets, a digital marketing solutions company (Townsquare Interactive) serving approximately 21,900 small to medium sized businesses, a proprietary digital programmatic advertising platform (Townsquare Ignite) and numerous local live events each year. Our brands include local media assets such as WYRK, KLAQ, K2 and NJ101.5 ; iconic local and regional events such as WYRK's Taste of Country, the Boise Music Festival, the Red Dirt BBQ & Music Festival and Taste of Fort Collins ; and leading tastemaker music and entertainment websites such as XXLmag.com, TasteofCountry.com and Loudwire.com.
TSR, Inc. is engaged in the business of providing contract computer programming services to its clients. The Company provides its clients with technical computer personnel to supplement their in-house information technology (IT) capabilities. The Company's clients for its contract computer programming services consist primarily of Fortune 1000 companies with technology budgets. During the year ended May 31, 2013, the Company provided IT staffing services to approximately 73 clients. The Company's contract computer programming services involve the provision of technical staff to clients to meet the specialized requirements of their IT operations. The Company has staffing capabilities in the areas of mainframe and mid-range computer operations, personal computers and client-server support, Internet and e-commerce operations, voice and data communications (including local and wide area networks).
Ingersoll Rand advances the quality of life by creating comfortable, sustainable and efficient environments. Our people and our family of brands ?€? including Club Car ??, Ingersoll Rand ??, Thermo King ?? and Trane ?? ?€? work together to enhance the quality and comfort of air in homes and buildings; transport and protect food and perishables; and increase industrial productivity and efficiency. We are a global business committed to a world of sustainable progress and enduring results.
The Toro Company is a leading worldwide provider of innovative solutions for the outdoor environment including turf and landscape maintenance, snow and ice management, underground utility construction, rental and specialty construction, and irrigation and outdoor lighting solutions. With sales of $3.1 billion in fiscal 2019, The Toro Company?€?s global presence extends to more than 125 countries through a family of brands that includes Toro, Ditch Witch, Exmark, BOSS Snowplow, Ventrac, American Augers, Subsite Electronics, HammerHead, Trencor, Unique Lighting Systems, Irritrol, Hayter, Pope, Lawn-Boy and Radius HDD. Through constant innovation and caring relationships built on trust and integrity, The Toro Company and its family of brands have built a legacy of excellence by helping customers care for golf courses, sports fields, construction sites, public green spaces, commercial and residential properties and agricultural operations.
Forum Merger II Corporation is a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses.

The Trade Desk??? is a technology company that empowers buyers of advertising. Through its self-service, cloud-based platform, ad buyers can create, manage, and optimize digital advertising campaigns across ad formats and devices. Integrations with major data, inventory, and publisher partners ensure maximum reach and decisioning capabilities, and enterprise APIs enable custom development on top of the platform. Headquartered in Ventura, CA, The Trade Desk has offices across North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific.
TeleTech Holdings, Inc. (TeleTech) is a global provider of customer experience strategy, technology and business process outsourcing (BPO) solutions. TeleTech provides an integrated suite of technology-enabled customer-centric services that span strategic professional services, revenue generation, front and back office processes, cloud-based fully hosted BPO delivery center environments and learning innovation services. The Company provides round the clock integrated global solution that spans people, process, technology and infrastructure for governments and private sector clients in the automotive, broadband, cable, financial services, healthcare, logistics, media and entertainment, retail, technology, travel, and wireline and wireless communication industries. On May 28, 2011, the Company acquired certain assets and liabilities of a business unit of eLoyalty Corporation (eLoyalty). In August 2013, TeleTech Holdings Inc completed the acquisition of WebMetro.
Tetra Tech is a leading provider of high-end consulting and engineering services for projects worldwide. With 20,000 associates working together, Tetra Tech provides clear solutions to complex problems in water, environment, infrastructure, resource management, energy, and international development. We are Leading with Science ?? to provide sustainable and resilient solutions for our clients.
TechTarget is the global leader in purchase intent-driven marketing and sales services that deliver business impact for enterprise technology companies. By creating abundant, high-quality editorial content across more than 140 highly targeted technology-specific websites. TechTarget attracts and nurtures communities of technology buyers researching their companies?€? information technology needs. By understanding these buyers?€? content consumption behaviors, TechTarget creates the purchase intent insights that fuel efficient and effective marketing and sales activities for clients around the world. TechTarget has offices in Boston, London, Munich, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore and Sydney.
TETRA Technologies, Inc. is oil and gas services company, focused on completion fluids and other products, production testing, wellhead compression, and selected offshore services including well plugging and abandonment, decommissioning, and diving. The Company also has limited domestic oil and gas production business. The Company operates under five reporting segments organized into three divisions: Fluids, Production Enhancement, and Offshore. On July 31, 2012, it acquired all of the assets and business of Greywolf Production Systems. On March 9, 2012, the Company acquired 100% of the common stock of Optima Solutions Holdings Limited (OPTIMA), a provider of offshore oil and gas rig cooling services and associated products that suppress heat generated by high rate flaring of hydrocarbons during offshore oil and gas well test operations.
Tata Motors Limited ; (BSE: 500570 and 570001); (NSE: TATAMOTORS and TATAMTRDVR), a USD 44 billion organisation, is a leading global automobile manufacturer of cars, utility vehicles, pick-ups, trucks and buses. Part of the USD 110 billion Tata group, Tata Motors is India's largest and the only OEM offering extensive range of integrated, smart and e-mobility solutions. It has operations in India, the UK, South Korea, Thailand, South Africa, and Indonesia through a strong global network of 134 subsidiaries, associate companies and joint ventures, including Jaguar Land Rover in the UK and Tata Daewoo in South Korea. With a focus on engineering and tech enabled automotive solutions catering to the future of mobility, Tata Motors is India's market leader in commercial vehicles and amongst the top four in the passenger vehicles market. With 'Connecting Aspirations' at the core of its brand promise, the company's innovation efforts are focused to develop pioneering technologies that are sustainable as well as suited to evolving aspirations of the market and the customers. Tata Motors strives to bring new products that fire the imagination of GenNext customers, fueled by state of the art design and R&D centers located in India, UK, US, Italy and South Korea. Internationally, Tata commercial and passenger vehicles are marketed in countries, spread across Africa, the Middle East, South Asia, South East Asia, South America, Australia, CIS, and Russia.
TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTM) is a provider of time-critical and technologically complex printed circuit board (PCB) products and backplane assemblies (PCBs populated with electronic components), which serves as the foundation of sophisticated electronic products. It focuses on providing time-to-market and advanced technology products and offer a one-stop manufacturing solution to its stomers from engineering support to prototype development through final volume production. This one-stop solution allows them to align technology development with the diversified needs of its customers, many of whom are based in high growth markets, and to enable them to reduce the time required to develop new products and bring them to market. It serves the high-end computing, aerospace/defense, and industrial/medical industries. Its customers include both original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and electronic manufacturing services (EMS) providers.
Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc., based in South San Francisco, CA, is a development stage company developing proprietary therapeutics with its ProNeura ?? long-term, continuous drug delivery technology. The ProNeura technology has the potential to be used in developing products for treating a number of chronic conditions, where maintaining consistent, around-the-clock blood levels of medication may benefit the patient and improve medical outcomes.
T2 Biosystems, a leader in the rapid detection of sepsis-causing pathogens, is dedicated to improving patient care and reducing the cost of care by helping clinicians effectively treat patients faster than ever before. T2 Biosystems?€? products include the T2Dx ?? Instrument, T2Candida ?? Panel, the T2Bacteria ?? Panel, the T2Resistance ?? Panel, and the T2SARS-CoV-2??? Panel and are powered by the proprietary T2 Magnetic Resonance (T2MR ?? ) technology. T2 Biosystems has an active pipeline of future products, including the T2Cauris??? Panel, and T2Lyme??? Panel, as well as additional products for the detection of bacterial and fungal pathogens and associated antimicrobial resistance markers, and biothreat pathogens.
Headquartered in New York City, Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. is a leading developer, publisher and marketer of interactive entertainment for consumers around the globe. We develop and publish products principally through Rockstar Games, 2K, Private Division, and Social Point. Our products are designed for console systems and personal computers, including smartphones and tablets, and are delivered through physical retail, digital download, online platforms and cloud streaming services. The Company?€?s common stock is publicly traded on NASDAQ under the symbol TTWO.
TELUS (TSX:T,NYSE: TU ) is a dynamic, world-leading communications and information technology company with C$14.7 billion in annual revenue and 15.2 million customer connections spanning wireless, data, IP, voice, television, entertainment, video and security. We leverage our global-leading technology to enable remarkable human outcomes. Our longstanding commitment to putting our customers first fuels every aspect of our business, making us a distinct leader in customer service excellence and loyalty. TELUS Health is Canada's largest healthcare IT provider, and TELUS International delivers the most innovative business process solutions to some of the world's most established brands. SOURCE TELUS
Tufin Software Technologies Ltd
Tupperware Brands Corporation is a leading global consumer products company that designs innovative, functional and environmentally responsible products that people love and trust. Founded in 1946, Tupperware's signature container created the modern food storage category that revolutionized the way the world stores, serves and prepares food. Today, this iconic brand has more than 8,500 functional design and utility patents for solution-oriented kitchen and home products. With a purpose to nurture a better future, Tupperware ?? products are an alternative to single-use items. The Company distributes its products into nearly 80 countries primarily through independent representatives around the world.
180 Degree Capital Corp. is a publicly traded registered closed-end fund focused on investing in and providing value-added assistance through constructive activism to what we believe are substantially undervalued small, publicly traded companies that have potential for significant turnarounds. Our goal is that the result of our constructive activism leads to a reversal in direction for the share price of these investee companies, i.e., a 180-degree turn.
Mammoth is an integrated, growth-oriented energy service company serving companies engaged in the exploration and development of North American onshore unconventional oil and natural gas reserves and government-funded utilities, private utilities, public investor-owned utilities and co-operative utilities through its energy infrastructure services. Mammoth?€?s suite of services and products include: infrastructure services, pressure pumping services, natural sand and proppant services, drilling services and other energy services.
Televisa is a leading media company in the Spanish-speaking world, an important cable operator in Mexico and an operator of a leading direct-to-home satellite pay television system in Mexico. Televisa distributes the content it produces through several broadcast channels in Mexico and in over 70 countries through 25 pay-tv brands, television networks, cable operators and over-the-top or "OTT" services. In the United States, Televisa's audiovisual content is distributed through Univision Communications Inc. ("Univision") the leading media company serving the Hispanic market. Univision broadcasts Televisa's audiovisual content through multiple platforms in exchange for a royalty payment. In addition, Televisa has equity and warrants which upon their exercise would represent approximately 36% on a fully-diluted, as-converted basis of the equity capital in Univision Holdings, Inc., the controlling company of Univision. Televisa's cable business offers integrated services, including video, high-speed data and voice services to residential and commercial customers as well as managed services to domestic and international carriers. Televisa owns a majority interest in Sky, a leading direct-to-home satellite pay television system and broadband provider in Mexico, operating also in the Dominican Republic and Central America. Televisa also has interests in magazine publishing and distribution, professional sports and live entertainment, feature- film production and distribution, and gaming. Media Relations Rub??n Acosta / Tel: (52 55) 5224 6420 / [email??protected] Teresa Villa / Tel: (52 55) 4438 1205 / [email??protected] SOURCE Grupo Televisa, S.A.B. Related Links http://www.televisa.com.mx
Tennessee Valley Authority engages in the production and sale of electricity in the United States. It generates power from coal-fired, nuclear, hydroelectric facilities, and combustion turbine and diesel generators. The company sells power at wholesale to distributor customers comprising municipalities and cooperatives that resell the power to their customers at a retail rate. It also supplies power directly to federal agencies and customers with large or unusual loads, as well as customers with whom it has entered into exchange power arrangements. As of September 30, 2008, it operated various power generating facilities, including 29 conventional hydroelectric sites, 1 pumped storage hydroelectric site, 11 coal-fired sites, 3 nuclear sites, 11 combustion turbine sites, 2 diesel generator sites, 1 wind energy site, 1 digester gas site, 1 biomass cofiring site, and 15 solar energy sites. The company supplies power in Tennessee, northern Alabama, northeastern Mississippi, and southwestern Kentucky and in portions of northern Georgia, western North Carolina, and southwestern Virginia to approximately nine million customers. It also manages the Tennessee River and its tributaries for various river-system purposes, such as navigation; flood damage reduction; power generation; environmental stewardship; shoreline use; and water supply for power plant operations, consumer use, recreation, and industry. The company was founded in 1931 and is based in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Tennessee Valley Authority engages in the production and sale of electricity in the United States. It generates power from coal-fired, nuclear, hydroelectric facilities, and combustion turbine and diesel generators. The company sells power at wholesale to distributor customers comprising municipalities and cooperatives that resell the power to their customers at a retail rate. It also supplies power directly to federal agencies and customers with large or unusual loads, as well as customers with whom it has entered into exchange power arrangements. As of September 30, 2008, it operated various power generating facilities, including 29 conventional hydroelectric sites, 1 pumped storage hydroelectric site, 11 coal-fired sites, 3 nuclear sites, 11 combustion turbine sites, 2 diesel generator sites, 1 wind energy site, 1 digester gas site, 1 biomass cofiring site, and 15 solar energy sites. The company supplies power in Tennessee, northern Alabama, northeastern Mississippi, and southwestern Kentucky and in portions of northern Georgia, western North Carolina, and southwestern Virginia to approximately nine million customers. It also manages the Tennessee River and its tributaries for various river-system purposes, such as navigation; flood damage reduction; power generation; environmental stewardship; shoreline use; and water supply for power plant operations, consumer use, recreation, and industry. The company was founded in 1931 and is based in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Retrophin is a biopharmaceutical company specializing in identifying, developing and delivering life-changing therapies to people living with rare disease. The Company?€?s approach centers on its pipeline featuring sparsentan, a product candidate in late-stage development for focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) and IgA nephropathy (IgAN), rare disorders characterized by progressive scarring of the kidney often leading to end-stage renal disease. Research in additional rare diseases is also underway, including partnerships with leaders in patient advocacy and government research to identify potential therapeutics for NGLY1 deficiency and Alagille syndrome, conditions with no approved treatment options. Retrophin?€?s R&D efforts are supported by revenues from the Company?€?s commercial products Chenodal ??, Cholbam ??, Thiola ?? and Thiola EC ??.
Tivity Health ?? Inc. is a leading provider of healthy life-changing solutions, including SilverSneakers ??, Nutrisystem ??, Prime ?? Fitness, Wisely Well ???, South Beach Diet ??, and WholeHealth Living ??. We are actively addressing the social determinants of health, defined as the conditions in which we work, live and play. From improving health outcomes to reversing the narrative on inactivity, food insecurity, social isolation and loneliness, we are making a difference and are transforming the way we do health.
Tradeweb Markets Inc. is a leading, global operator of electronic marketplaces for rates, credit, equities and money markets. Founded in 1996, Tradeweb provides access to markets, data and analytics, electronic trading, straight-through-processing and reporting for more than 40 products to clients in the institutional, wholesale and retail markets. Advanced technologies developed by Tradeweb enhance price discovery, order execution and trade workflows while allowing for greater scale and helping to reduce risks in client trading operations. Tradeweb serves approximately 2,500 clients in more than 65 countries. On average, Tradeweb facilitated more than $780 billion in notional value traded per day over the past four fiscal quarters.

TWC Tech Holdings II Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/5 War)
TWC Tech Holdings II Corp - Warrants (10/09/2025)
Titan International, Inc.?? is a leading global manufacturer of off-highway wheels, tires, assemblies and undercarriage products. Headquartered in??Quincy, Illinois, the company produces a broad range of products to meet the specifications of original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and aftermarket customers in the agricultural, earthmoving/construction, and consumer markets. In the United States, the company produces two distinct tire brands ?€???Goodyear ?? Farm Tires and Titan Tires. ?? 2020 Titan International All Rights Reserved. Please send all reader and sales inquiries to: [email??protected] SOURCE Titan International, Inc.
. Twin Disc, Inc. designs, manufactures and sells marine and heavy-duty off-highway power transmission equipment. Products offered include marine transmissions, azimuth drives, surface drives, propellers, and boat management systems, as well as power-shift transmissions, hydraulic torque converters, power take-offs, industrial clutches, and control systems. The Company sells its products to customers primarily in the pleasure craft, commercial and military marine markets, as well as in the energy and natural resources, government, and industrial markets. The Company?€?s worldwide sales to both domestic and foreign customers are transacted through a direct sales force and a distributor network.
Millions of developers around the world have used Twilio to unlock the magic of communications to improve any human experience. Twilio has democratized communications channels like voice, text, chat, video, and email by virtualizing the world?€?s communications infrastructure through APIs that are simple enough for any developer to use, yet robust enough to power the world?€?s most demanding applications. By making communications a part of every software developer?€?s toolkit, Twilio is enabling innovators across every industry ?€? from emerging leaders to the world?€?s largest organizations ?€? to reinvent how companies engage with their customers.

Tailwind Acquisition Corp
Tailwind Acquisition Corp Redeemable Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50
Hostess Brands, Inc. is a leading packaged food company focused on developing, manufacturing, marketing, selling and distributing fresh baked sweet goods in North America. The Hostess?? brand's history dates back to 1919, when the Hostess?? CupCake was introduced to the public, followed by Twinkies?? in 1930. Today, the Company produces a variety of new and classic treats in addition to Twinkies?? and CupCakes, including Donettes??, Ding Dongs??, Zingers??, Danishes, Honey Buns and Coffee Cakes. In January 2020, the Company acquired Voortman Cookies, Limited which produces a variety of cookies and wafers products, including sugar-free products under the Voortman?? brand.

Two Harbors Investment Corp. operates as a real estate investment trust (REIT) that focuses on investing in, financing, and managing residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS), residential mortgage loans, mortgage servicing rights, commercial real estate debt and related assets, and other financial assets. The company??s target assets include agency RMBS collateralized by fixed rate mortgage loans, adjustable rate mortgage loans, hybrid mortgage loans, or derivatives; and non-agency RMBS collateralized by prime mortgage loans, Alt-A mortgage loans, pay-option ARM mortgage loans, and subprime mortgage loans. Its target assets also comprise prime nonconforming and credit sensitive residential mortgage loans; and other assets, such as asset backed securities and certain non-hedging transactions. The company qualifies as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, the company would not be subject to federal income tax, if it distributes at least 90% of net taxable income to its stockholders. Two Harbors Investment Corp. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
Two Harbors Investments Corp 8.125% Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ($25.00 liquidation preference per share)
Two Harbors Investments Corp 7.625% Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Two Harbors Investments Corp 7.25% Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Two Harbors Investments Corp 7.75% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
Two Harbors Investments Corp 7.50% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
TWOU ) Eliminating the back row in higher education is not just a metaphor?€?it's our mission. For more than a decade, 2U, Inc., a global leader in education technology, has been a trusted partner and brand steward of great universities. We build, deliver, and support more than 475 digital and in-person educational offerings, including undergraduate and graduate degrees, professional certificates, Trilogy-powered boot camps, and GetSmarter short courses. Together with our partners, 2U has positively transformed the lives of more than 275,000 students and lifelong learners.
Twist Bioscience is a leading and rapidly growing synthetic biology and genomics company that has developed a disruptive DNA synthesis platform to industrialize the engineering of biology. The core of the platform is a proprietary technology that pioneers a new method of manufacturing synthetic DNA by ?€?writing?€? DNA on a silicon chip. Twist is leveraging its unique technology to manufacture a broad range of synthetic DNA-based products, including synthetic genes, tools for next-generation sequencing (NGS) preparation, and antibody libraries for drug discovery and development. Twist is also pursuing longer-term opportunities in digital data storage in DNA and biologics drug discovery. Twist makes products for use across many industries including healthcare, industrial chemicals, agriculture and academic research.
TWTR ) Twitter is what's happening in the world and what people are talking about right now. From breaking news and entertainment to sports, politics, and everyday interests, see every side of the story. Join the open conversation. Watch live-streaming events. Available in more than 40 languages around the world, the service can be accessed via twitter.com, an array of mobile devices, and SMS.
Ternium S.A., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and processes flat and long steel products for the construction, automotive, home appliances, capital goods, container, and food and energy industries. The company operates trough two segments, Steel and Mining. The Steel segment offers various steel products, such as hot-rolled coils and sheets, bars and stirrups, wire rods, cold-rolled coils and sheets, tin plates, hot dipped galvanized and electrogalvanized sheets, pre-painted sheets, steel pipes and tubular products, beams, and roll formed products, as well as slabs, billets, and round bars. The Mining segment provides mining products, including iron ore and pellets. Ternium S.A. sells its products in Mexico; Argentina, Paraguay, Chile, Bolivia, and Uruguay; and the United States, Colombia, Guatemala, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Nicaragua, and Honduras. The company was founded in 1961 and is based in Luxembourg. Ternium S.A. is a subsidiary of San Faustin S.A.
10x Genomics Inc Class A
TherapeuticsMD, Inc. is an innovative, leading healthcare company, focused on developing and commercializing novel products exclusively for women. Our products are designed to address the unique changes and challenges women experience through the various stages of their lives with a therapeutic focus in family planning, reproductive health, and menopause management. The company is committed to advancing the health of women and championing awareness of their healthcare issues.
Texas Instruments Incorporated is a global semiconductor company that designs, manufactures, tests and sells analog and embedded processing chips for??markets such as industrial, automotive, personal electronics, communications equipment and enterprise systems. Our passion to create a better world by making electronics more affordable through semiconductors is alive today, as each generation of innovation builds upon the last to make our technology smaller, more efficient, more reliable and more affordable ?€???making it possible for semiconductors to go into electronics everywhere. We think of this as Engineering Progress. It's what we do and have been doing for decades.
Texas Roadhouse, Inc. (Texas Roadhouse) is a full-service restaurant chain. The Company offers an assortment of specially seasoned and aged steaks hand-cut daily on the premises and cooked to orders over open gas-fired grills. In addition to steaks, the Company also offers its guests a selection of ribs, fish, seafood, chicken, pork chops, pulled pork and vegetable plates, and an assortment of hamburgers, salads and sandwiches. As of December 25, 2012, the Company owned and operated 320 restaurants and franchised or licensed an additional 72 restaurants. Of the 320 restaurants the Company owned and operated at the end of 2012, 318 operated as Texas Roadhouse restaurants, while two operated under the name of Aspen Creek.
Textron Inc. is a multi-industry company that leverages its global network of aircraft, defense, industrial and finance businesses to provide customers with innovative solutions and services. Textron is known around the world for its powerful brands such as Bell, Cessna, Beechcraft, Hawker, Jacobsen, Kautex, Lycoming, E-Z-GO, Arctic Cat, Textron Systems, and TRU Simulation + Training.
Tri Continental Corporation Preferred Stock
Incorporated in Delaware in??August 1997??and headquartered in??Beijing,??China, Shineco is a??holding company, through its subsidiaries and variable interest entities, undertakes vertically- and horizontally-integrated production, distribution and sales channels to provide health and well-being focused plant-based products in??China. Utilizing modern engineering technologies and biotechnologies, Shineco produces, among other products, Chinese herbal medicines, organic agricultural produce and specialized textiles.
Tyler Technologies provides integrated software and technology services to the public sector. Tyler's end-to-end solutions empower local, state, and federal government entities to operate more efficiently and connect more transparently with their constituents and with each other. By connecting data and processes across disparate systems, Tyler's solutions are transforming how clients gain actionable insights that solve problems in their communities. Tyler has more than 26,000 successful installations across more than 10,000 sites, with clients in all 50 states, Canada, the Caribbean, Australia, and other international locations. Tyler was named to Forbes' "Best Midsize Employers" list in 2019 and has been recognized three times on Forbes?€? "Most Innovative Growth Companies" list.
Formerly TYMI (OTCBB). Tyme Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing cancer therapeutics that are intended to be broadly effective across tumor types and have low toxicity profiles. Unlike targeted therapies that attempt to regulate specific mutations within cancer, our therapeutic approach is designed to take advantage of a cancer cell?€?s innate metabolic weaknesses to compromise its defenses, leading to cell death through oxidative stress and exposure to the body?€?s natural immune system. Our lead clinical program, SM-88, is a first-in-class combination therapy in Phase II development for prostate cancer, and we are preparing to initiate an additional Phase II clinical trial for pancreatic cancer. For more information, visit our website: www.tymeinc.com.
Tenzing is a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. Tenzing's efforts to identify a prospective target business are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region. About Reviva Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Reviva Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a clinical stage pharmaceutical company developing therapies that address unmet medical needs in the areas of central nervous system, cardiovascular, metabolic, and inflammatory diseases. Reviva's primary focus is developing its lead product candidate, RP5063 (brilaroxazine), for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. Reviva also intends to develop RP5063 for treating PAH and IPF. RP5063 is a serotonin, dopamine, and nicotinic receptor active compound, which has successfully completed a global Phase 2 clinical trial and has shown clinical efficacy and safety for schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder.
Tenzing Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord & 1 War)
Tenzing Acquisition Corp - Warrants (23/02/2025)
Travelzoo?? provides our 30 million members insider deals and one-of-a-kind experiences personally reviewed by one of our deal experts around the globe. We have our finger on the pulse of outstanding travel, entertainment, and lifestyle experiences. For over 20 years we have worked in partnership with more than 5,000 top travel suppliers?€?our long-standing relationships give Travelzoo members access to irresistible deals.
Unity Software Inc
Under Armour, Inc. (Under Armour) is engaged in the development, marketing and distribution of apparel, footwear and accessories for men, women and youth. The Company's products are sold worldwide and are worn by athletes at all levels, from youth to professional, on playing fields worldwide. Most of its products are sold in North America. Internationally, Under Armour sells its products in certain countries in Europe, a third party licensee sells its products in Japan, and distributors sell the Company's products in other foreign countries. In addition, it opened it store in China during the year ended December 31, 2012. The Company's product offerings consist of apparel, footwear and accessories for men, women and youth. In November 2013, the Company acquired MapMyFitness.

United Continental Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides air transportation services in North America, the Asia-Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America. It transports people and cargo through its mainline operations, which use jet aircraft with at least 118 seats, and its regional operations. As of December 31, 2014, the company operated a fleet of 1,257 aircraft. It also sells fuel; and provides maintenance, ground handling, and catering services for third parties. The company was formerly known as UAL Corporation and changed its name to United Continental Holdings, Inc. in October 2010. United Continental Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1934 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
United States Antimony Corporation (USAC) is engaged in the production and sale of antimony and zeolite products. The Company's antimony smelter and precious metals plant is located in the Burns Mining District of Sanders County, Montana, approximately 15 miles west of Thompson Falls. It holds two patented mill sites where the plant is located. The Company owns 100% stock, equipment, and the lease on real property of United States Antimony, Mexico S.A. de C.V. (USAMSA), which owns the San Miguel property. The Company produces antimony oxide, sodium antimonate, antimony metal and precious metals. USAC also sells antimony metal for uses in bearings, storage batteries and ordnance. The Company owns 100% of Bear River Zeolite Company (BRZ).
Headquartered in Sugar Land, Texas, CVR Partners, LP is a Delaware limited partnership focused on the production, marketing and distribution of nitrogen fertilizer products. It primarily produces urea ammonium nitrate (UAN) and ammonia, which are predominantly used by farmers to improve the yield and quality of their crops. CVR Partners?€? Coffeyville, Kansas, nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing facility includes a 1,300 ton-per-day ammonia unit, a 3,000 ton-per-day UAN unit and a dual-train gasifier complex having a capacity of 89 million standard cubic feet per day of hydrogen. CVR Partners?€? East Dubuque, Illinois, nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing facility includes a 1,075 ton-per-day ammonia unit and a 1,100 ton-per-day UAN unit.
AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc
Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc., is a real estate investment trust engaged in the acquisition, ownership and management of commercial real estate. The Company's sole business is the ownership of real estate investments, which consist principally of investments in income-producing properties, with primary emphasis on properties in the northeastern part of the United States with a concentration in Fairfield County, Connecticut, Westchester and Putnam Counties, New York and Bergen County, New Jersey (NJ). The Company operates in one industry segment, ownership of commercial real estate properties, which are located principally in the northeastern United States. In May 2013, Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc acquired The Village Shopping Center in New Providence. In May 2013, Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc acquired two undisclosed retail properties, located in Greenwich, Connecticut.
United Bancorp, Inc. is headquartered in Martins Ferry, Ohio and has total assets of $621.0 million and total shareholder's equity of $53.8 million as of March 31, 2019. Through its single bank charter, Unified Bank, the Company has nineteen??banking offices that serve the Ohio Counties of Athens, Belmont, Carroll, Fairfield, Harrison, Jefferson and Tuscarawas. The Company also operates a Loan Production Office in Wheeling, WV. United Bancorp, Inc. trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol UBCP, Cusip #909911109.
"Our mission is to ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion.

We believe deeply in our bold mission. Every minute of every day, consumers and Drivers on our platform can tap a button and get a ride or tap a button and get work. We revolutionized personal mobility with Ridesharing, and we are leveraging our platform to redefine the massive meal delivery and logistics industries. While we have had unparalleled growth at scale, we are just getting started: only 2% of the population in the 63 countries where we operate used our offerings in the quarter ended December 31, 2018, based on MAPCs."
United Security Bancshares is the holding company for United Security Bank, which was founded in 1987. United Security Bank is headquartered in Fresno and operates 12 full-service branch offices in Fresno, Bakersfield, Campbell, Caruthers, Coalinga, Firebaugh, Mendota, Oakhurst, San Joaquin, and Taft. Additionally, United Security Bank operates Commercial Real Estate Construction, Commercial Lending, and Consumer Lending departments.
United Bancshares, Inc. is a bank holding company of The Union Bank Company (the Bank). The Bank is engaged in the business of commercial banking. The Bank is a state-chartered bank, which serves the Ohio counties of Allen, Hancock, Putnam, Sandusky, Van Wert and Wood, with office locations in Bowling Green, Columbus Grove, Delphos, Gibsonburg, Kalida, Leipsic, Lima, Ottawa and Pemberville. The Bank offers a range of commercial banking services, including checking accounts, savings and money market accounts; time certificates of deposit; automatic teller machines; commercial, consumer, agricultural, residential mortgage and home equity loans; safe deposit box rentals, and other personalized banking services. The Bank's portfolio of loan includes Commercial and agricultural loans, real estate mortgage loans and consumer loans to individuals. As of December 31, 2011, the Bank's total loans amounted to $ 340,700,000.
Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc., is a real estate investment trust engaged in the acquisition, ownership and management of commercial real estate. The Company's sole business is the ownership of real estate investments, which consist principally of investments in income-producing properties, with primary emphasis on properties in the northeastern part of the United States with a concentration in Fairfield County, Connecticut, Westchester and Putnam Counties, New York and Bergen County, New Jersey (NJ). The Company operates in one industry segment, ownership of commercial real estate properties, which are located principally in the northeastern United States. In May 2013, Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc acquired The Village Shopping Center in New Providence. In May 2013, Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc acquired two undisclosed retail properties, located in Greenwich, Connecticut.
Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. 6.250% Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
UBS Group AG, together with its subsidiaries, provides wealth management, retail and corporate, asset management, and investment banking products and services worldwide. The company??s Wealth Management division provides financial services to wealthy private clients. This division offers investment management solutions and wealth planning and corporate finance advisory services, as well as a range of specific offerings. Its Wealth Management Americas division provides advice-based solutions and banking services through financial advisors to ultra high net worth and high net worth individuals and families. This division operates domestic United States and Canadian business, as well as international business booked in the United States. The company??s Retail & Corporate division offers financial products and services to retail, corporate, and institutional clients. Its Global Asset Management division offers investment products and services comprising equities, fixed income, multi-asset and currency strategies, as well as alternative investments, including hedge funds, real estate, infrastructure, and private equity funds to third-party institutional and wholesale clients, and clients of wealth management businesses. The company??s Investment Bank division provides client coverage, advisory, debt and equity capital market, and financing solutions for corporate, financial institutions, sponsor clients, and wealth management businesses. This division also provides cross-asset research services, as well as access to equities, foreign exchange, precious metals, and selected rates and credit markets through its business units, corporate client solutions and investor client services. UBS Group AG was founded in 1862 and is headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland.
United Bankshares, Inc. has consolidated assets of approximately $26.2 billion. United is the parent company of United Bank, the largest community bank headquartered in the D.C. Metro region. United Bank comprises 231 offices in Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Georgia and Washington, D.C. United?€?s stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the quotation symbol ?€? UBSI ?€?.
Unity Biotechnology Inc - Ordinary Shares
United Community Banks, Inc. (United) is a bank holding company headquartered in Blairsville, Georgia, with executive offices in Greenville, South Carolina. United is one of the largest full-service financial institutions in the Southeast, with $17.2 billion in assets, and 163 offices in Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee. United Community Bank, United?€?s wholly-owned bank subsidiary, specializes in personalized community banking services for individuals, small businesses and companies throughout its geographic footprint, including Florida under the brand Seaside Bank and Trust. Services include a full range of consumer and commercial banking products, including mortgage, advisory, treasury management, and wealth management. Respected national research firms consistently recognize United for outstanding customer service. In 2020, J.D. Power ranked United highest in customer satisfaction with retail banking in the Southeast, marking six out of the last seven years United earned the coveted award. United was also named "Best Banks to Work For" by American Banker in 2020 for the fourth year in a row based on employee satisfaction. Forbes included United in its inaugural list of the World?€?s Best Banks in 2019 and again in 2020. Forbes also recognized United on its 2020 list of the 100 Best Banks in America for the seventh consecutive year. United also received five Greenwich Excellence Awards in 2019 for excellence in Small Business Banking and Middle Market Banking, including a national award for Overall Satisfaction in Small Business Banking.
Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. is a leading developer and supplier of critical subsystems, ultra-high purity cleaning and analytical services primarily for the semiconductor industry. Ultra Clean offers its customers an integrated outsourced solution for major subassemblies, improved design-to-delivery cycle times, design for manufacturability, prototyping and component manufacturing, and tool chamber parts cleaning and coating, as well as microcontamination analytical services. Ultra Clean is headquartered in Hayward, California.
UDR, Inc., an S&P 500 company, is a leading multifamily real estate investment trust with a demonstrated performance history of delivering superior and dependable returns by successfully managing, buying, selling, developing and redeveloping attractive real estate properties in targeted U.S. markets. As of June 30, 2020, UDR owned or had an ownership position in 51,320 apartment homes including 819 homes under development. For over 48 years, UDR has delivered long-term value to shareholders, the best standard of service to Residents and the highest quality experience for Associates.
Urban Edge Properties (NYSE:UE) operates independently of Vornado Realty Trust as of January 15, 2015.
Uranium Energy Corp. (Uranium Energy) is an exploration-stage company. It is a natural resource exploration company engaged in the exploration of properties in the United States. As of July 31, 2010, it had interests in 50,253 acres of leased or staked mineral properties, consisting of claim blocks located in the States of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, Texas, Utah and Wyoming. On December 18, 2009, it acquired interest in the South Texas Mining Venture, L.L.P. The assets of STMV include the fully licensed and permitted Hobson in-situ recovery (ISR) Processing Plant; the La Palangana Uranium project, which is at an advanced stage of permitting; a portfolio of exploration-stage properties located in South Texas and data files that document decades of South Texas-focused uranium exploration and mining. In May 2011, it acquired Coronel Oviedo Uranium Project In Paraguay. On September 9, 2011, it merged with Concentric Energy Corp. On March 30, 2012, it acquired CUE Resources Ltd.
Founded in 1986, Universal Electronics Inc. is the global leader in universal control and sensing technologies for the smart home. The company designs, develops, manufactures and ships over 500 innovative products that are used by the world?€?s leading brands in the consumer electronics, subscription broadcast, security, home automation, hospitality and climate control markets.
Net 1 UEPS Technologies, Inc. is a provider of payment solutions and transaction processing services across a range of industries and in various geographies. The Company operates in four segments: Smart card accounts, International transaction-based activities, financial services and Hardware, software and related technology sales. The Company has developed and markets a transaction processing solution that consists of smart card-based alternative payment system for the unbanked and under-banked populations and for mobile transaction channels. The Company's electronic payment system (UEPS), uses biometrically secure smart cards that operate in real-time but offline. The Company also provides secure transaction technology solutions and services, by offering transaction processing, financial and clinical risk management solutions to various industries.
Unique Fabricating, Inc. engineers and manufactures multi-material foam, rubber, and plastic components utilized in noise, vibration, and harshness (NVH), acoustical management, water and air sealing, decorative, and other functional applications. It supplies die cut non-metallic materials and components, which are used in applications, such as air and water sealing, insulation, NVH performance, and BSR conditions; thermoformed and compression molded products, including HVAC air ducts, door watershields, evaporator liners, console bin mats, fender insulators, and others; and fusion molded products comprising exterior mirror seals, cowl-to-hood seals, cowl-to-fender seals, and other products for NVH management and body sealing applications. The company also manufactures various products, including air management products; heating, ventilation, and air conditioning; and seals, fender stuffers, air ducts, acoustical insulation, door water shields, gas tank pads, light gaskets, topper pads, mirror gaskets, and glove box liners. It provides its fabricated non-metallic components to original equipment manufacturers and suppliers in the automotive, appliance, and water heater and heating, as well as heating, ventilation, and air conditioning industries in North America. The company was founded in 1975 and is headquartered in Auburn Hills, Michigan.
United Fire Group, Inc., formerly United Fire & Casualty Company, is engaged in the business of writing property and casualty insurance and life insurance and selling annuities. The Company operates in two segments: property and casualty insurance, and life insurance. The Company's property and casualty insurance segment consists of commercial lines insurance, including surety bonds, personal lines insurance and assumed insurance. Its life insurance segment consists of deferred and immediate annuities, universal life insurance products and traditional life insurance products. Its life insurance segment consists solely of the operations of United Life Insurance Company. On February 1, 2012, the Company completed a holding company reorganization of United Fire Group, Inc., United Fire & Casualty Company and UFC MergeCo, Inc. On March 28, 2011, the Company acquired Mercer Insurance Group, Inc. (Mercer Insurance Group).
Unifi, Inc. is a global textile solutions provider and one of the world's leading innovators in manufacturing synthetic and recycled performance fibers. Through REPREVE??, one of Unifi's proprietary technologies and the global leader in branded recycled performance fibers, Unifi has transformed more than 19 billion plastic bottles into recycled fiber for new apparel, footwear, home goods and other consumer products. The Company's proprietary PROFIBER??? technologies offer increased performance, comfort and style advantages, enabling customers to develop products that perform, look and feel better. Unifi continually innovates technologies to meet consumer needs in moisture management, thermal regulation, antimicrobial, UV protection, stretch, water resistance and enhanced softness. Unifi collaborates with many of the world's most influential brands in the sports apparel, fashion, home, automotive and other industries.
Universal Forest Products, Inc. is a holding company that provides capital, management and administrative resources to c and market wood and wood-alternative products for retail building home centers and other retailers, structural lumber and other products for the manufactured housing industry, engineered wood components for the residential construction market, and specialty wood packaging and components and packing materials for various industries. Its operating segments consist of the Eastern, Western, Site-Built, Consumer Products and Distribution divisions. The Company's subsidiaries also provide framing services for the residential market and forming products for concrete construction. The Company's consumer products operations offer a portfolio of outdoor living products, including wood composite decking, decorative balusters, post caps and plastic lattice. Its lawn and garden group offers an array of products, such as trellises and arches, to retailers nationwide.
UFP Technologies is an innovative designer and custom manufacturer of components, subassemblies, products, and packaging primarily for the medical market. Utilizing highly specialized foams, films, and plastics, UFP converts raw materials through laminating, molding, radio frequency welding, and fabricating techniques. The Company is diversified by also providing highly engineered solutions to customers in the aerospace & defense, automotive, consumer, electronics, and industrial markets. Contacts: Ron Lataille, CFO, UFP Technologies, Inc., tel. 978-234-0926 Jeff Elliott, Three Part Advisors, LLC, tel. 972-423-7070
Domtar is a leading provider of a wide variety of fiber-based products including communication, specialty and packaging papers, market pulp and absorbent hygiene products. With approximately 9,200 employees serving more than 50 countries around the world, Domtar is driven by a commitment to turn sustainable wood fiber into useful products that people rely on every day. Domtar?€?s annual sales are approximately $5.2 billion and its common stock is traded on the New York and Toronto Stock Exchanges. Domtar?€?s principal executive office is in Fort Mill, South Carolina.
United-Guardian, Inc. (United), through its Guardian Laboratories Division (Guardian), manufactures and markets cosmetic ingredients, personal care products, pharmaceuticals, medical and health care products, and specialty industrial products. The Company also conducts research and development, primarily related to the development of cosmetic and personal care products. The Company's products are into four product categories: pharmaceuticals, personal care products (including cosmetic ingredients), medical products, and industrial products. The Company's two product lines are the LUBRAJEL line of cosmetic ingredients and medical lubricants, which accounted for approximately 82% of the Company's sales during the year ended December 31, 2011, and its RENACIDIN IRRIGATION (RENACIDIN), a pharmaceutical product that accounted for approximately 13% of its sales during 2011. The Company's products are marketed through collaborative agreements with larger companies.
UGI Corporation is a distributor and marketer of energy products and services. Through subsidiaries, UGI operates natural gas and electric utilities in Pennsylvania, distributes LPG both domestically (through AmeriGas) and internationally (through UGI International), manages midstream energy assets in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and West Virginia and electric generation assets in Pennsylvania, and engages in energy marketing, including renewable natural gas in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States, California, and the District of Columbia and internationally in France, Belgium, the Netherlands and the UK.
Ultrapar Participacoes SA is a Brazilian holding company that operates in four segments: fuel distribution through Ipiranga; chemicals through Oxiteno; Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) manufacturing and distribution through Ultragaz; and logistics for liquid bulk through Ultracargo. Ipiranga is a fuel distributor in Brazil, with a network of service stations, providing diesel, gasoline, ethanol, natural gas for vehicles, fuel oil and kerosene, besides lubricants. Oxiteno produces ethylene oxide and its main derivatives; specialty chemicals; and fatty alcohols and related by-products. Ultracargo provides storage for liquid bulk in Brazil. The Company is also engaged in oil refining, through a stake held in Refinaria de Petroleo Riograndense SA.
AMERCO is the parent company??of U-Haul International, Inc., Oxford Life Insurance Company, Repwest Insurance Company and Amerco Real Estate Company. U-Haul is in the shared use business and was founded on the fundamental philosophy that the division of use and specialization of ownership is good for both U-Haul customers and the environment.
One of the nation's largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services, Universal Health Services, Inc. has built an impressive record of achievement and performance. Growing steadily since our inception in 1979 into an esteemed Fortune 500 corporation, annual revenues were??$11.4 billion??for 2019. In 2020, UHS was again recognized as one of the World's Most Admired Companies by??Fortune;??ranked #281 on the??Fortune??500; and listed #330 in??Forbes??ranking of U.S.' Largest Public Companies. Headquartered in??King of Prussia, PA, UHS has approximately 90,000 employees and through its subsidiaries operates 26 acute care hospitals, 330 behavioral health facilities, 41 outpatient facilities and ambulatory care access points, an insurance offering, a physician network and various related services located in 37 U.S. states,??Washington, D.C.,??Puerto Rico??and the??United Kingdom. It acts as the advisor to Universal Health Realty Income Trust, a real estate investment trust. For additional information on the Company, visit our web site: SOURCE Universal Health Services, Inc.
Universal Health Realty Income Trust (Trust) is a real estate investment trust (REIT). It invests in health care and human service related facilities, including acute care hospitals, behavioral healthcare facilities, rehabilitation hospitals, sub-acute facilities, surgery centers, childcare centers and medical office buildings (MOBs). As of February 29, 2012, it had 54 real estate investments or commitments located in 15 states in the United States consisting of seven hospital facilities, including three acute care, one behavioral healthcare, one rehabilitation and two sub-acute; 43 MOBs, and four preschool and childcare centers. In February, 2012, Canyon Healthcare Properties, in which it owned a 95% non-controlling ownership interest, completed the divestiture of the Canyon Springs Medical Plaza. In January, 2012, it purchased the PeaceHealth Medical Clinic.
Ubiquiti Inc. is focused on democratizing network technology on a global scale ?€? aggregate shipments over 108 million devices play a key role in creating networking infrastructure in over 200 countries and territories around the world. Our professional networking products are powered by our UNMS and UniFi software platforms to provide high-capacity distributed Internet access and unified information technology management, respectively. Ubiquiti and the U logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Ubiquiti and/or its affiliates in the United States and other countries.
United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) is a holding company for United Property and Casualty Insurance Company and its affiliated companies. Its business is conducted principally through four wholly-owned subsidiaries, including United Property and Casualty Insurance Company (UPC), which writes insurance policies; United Insurance Management, L.C. (UIM), the managing general agent that manages substantially all aspects of UPC's business, Skyway Claims Services, LLC (SCS), a claims adjusting company that provides services to UPC; and UPC Re. UPC Re provides reinsurance protection to UPC. The Company offers standardized policies for a range of exposures, and its policies include coverage options for standard single-family homeowners, tenants (renters), and condominium unit owners. It also writes flood policies.
Unisys is a global IT services company that delivers successful outcomes for the most demanding businesses and governments. Unisys offerings include digital workplace services, cloud and infrastructure services and software operating environments for high-intensity enterprise computing. Unisys integrates security into all of its solutions.
Ucommune International Ltd - Class A
Ucommune International Ltd - Warrants (17/11/2025)
Unilever PLC operates in the fast-moving consumer goods market in the Americas, Europe, Asia, Australasia, Africa, the Middle East, Turkey, the Russian Federation, Ukraine, and Belarus. The company operates through Personal Care, Foods, Refreshment, and Home Care segments. The Personal Care segment offers skincare and haircare products, deodorants, and oral care products. This segment markets its products under the Dove, Rexona, Axe, Lux, and Sunsilk brand names. The Foods segment provides soups, bouillons, sauces, snacks, mayonnaise, salad dressings, margarines, and spreads under the brand names of Knorr, and Hellmann??s and Family Goodness. The Refreshment segment offers ice cream under the Wall??s, Magnum, Cornetto, and Ben & Jerry??s brand names; and tea-based beverages under the Lipton, Brooke Bond and PG tips. Lipton, Magnum, and Heartbrand brands, as well as weight-management products. The Home Care segment provides home care products, such as powders, liquids and capsules, soap bars, and various cleaning products. This segment markets its products under the Cif, Domestos, Persil, Omo, Surf, and Comfort brand names. The company was founded in 1885 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.
Corporation Ultralife Corporation serves its markets with products and services ranging from power solutions to communications and electronics systems. Through its engineering and collaborative approach to problem solving, Ultralife serves government, defense and commercial customers across the globe. Headquartered in Newark, New York, the Company's business segments include Battery & Energy Products and Communications Systems. Ultralife has operations in North America, Europe and Asia.
Universal Logistics Holdings, Inc. provides transportation and logistics solutions in the United States, Mexico, Canada, Colombia, Europe, and internationally. The company offers transportation services, which include dry van, flatbed, heavy haul, dedicated, refrigerated, shuttle, and switching operations; and domestic and international freight forwarding, customs brokerage, final mile, and ground expedite services. It transports various commodities comprising automotive parts, machinery, building materials, paper, food, consumer goods, furniture, steel, and other metals. The company also offers value-added services for customer requirements, including material handling, consolidation, sequencing, sub-assembly, cross-dock services, kitting, repacking, warehousing, and returnable container management; and intermodal support services comprising short-to-medium distance delivery of rail and steamship containers between the railhead or port, and the customer and drayage services. It serves automotive, steel, oil and gas, alternative energy, and manufacturing industries, as well as other transportation companies who aggregate loads from various shippers. The company was formerly known as Universal Truckload Services, Inc. and changed its name to Universal Logistics Holdings, Inc. in April 2016. Universal Logistics Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1981 and is headquartered in Warren, Michigan.
Ulta Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance, Inc. (Ulta) is a beauty retailer, which provides one-stop shopping for prestige, mass and salon products and salon services in the United States. During the year ended January 28, 2012 (fiscal 2011), the Company opened 61 new stores. It operates full-service salons in all of its stores. Its Ulta store format includes an open and modern salon area with approximately eight to 10 stations. The entire salon area is approximately 950 square feet with a concierge desk, skin treatment room, semi-private shampoo and hair color processing areas. Each salon is a full-service salon offering hair cuts, hair coloring and permanent texture, with salons also providing facials and waxing.
UMB Financial Corporation (the Company) is a multi-bank holding company. The Company offers a range of banking and other financial services to its customers through its branches and offices in the states of Missouri, Kansas, Colorado, Illinois, Oklahoma, Arizona, Nebraska, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Indiana, Wisconsin, Utah, New Jersey and Massachusetts. As of December 31, 2011, the Company owned four commercial banks and 21 other subsidiaries. The four commercial banks are engaged in general commercial banking business. The Company's products and services are grouped into three segments, Commercial Financial Services, Institutional Financial Services, and Personal Financial Services. The principal subsidiary bank, UMB Bank, n.a., whose principal office is in Missouri, also has branches in Illinois, Kansas, Nebraska and Oklahoma. The banks offer a range of banking services to commercial, retail, Government and correspondent bank customers.
United Microelectronics Corporation provides semiconductor wafer foundry solutions. Its foundry solutions include silicon verification, libraries and IP, design verification, design for manufacturing, MM/RF foundry design kit and design support manual, and design flow reference, as well as mask services, such as mask inspection, IP protection and data preparation, and tape-out status tracking. The company also offers testing and packaging service, package solution development, and product yield management. It operates primarily in Taiwan, Japan, Korea, China, Singapore, Europe, and the United States. United Microelectronics Corporation was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Hsinchu, Taiwan.
UMH Properties, Inc. is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company's primary business is the ownership and operation of manufactured home communities, leasing manufactured home sites on a month-to-month basis to private manufactured home owners. The Company also leases homes to residents, and through its wholly owned subsidiary, UMH Sales and Finance, Inc. (S&F), sells homes to residents and prospective residents of its communities. The Company owns and operates 40 manufactured home communities containing approximately 8,900 sites. The communities are located in New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Tennessee. In January 2012, the Company acquired Countryside Estates, a 90-site manufactured home community situated on approximately 64 acres, located in Muncie, Indiana. On November 6, 2013, the Company announced that it has completed the acquisition of five manufactured home communities.
UMH Properties Inc. 6.75% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference $25 per share
UMH Properties Inc. 6.375% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference $25 per share
Umpqua Holdings Corporation is the parent company of Umpqua Bank, an Oregon -based community bank recognized for its entrepreneurial approach, innovative customer experience, and distinctive banking solutions. Umpqua Bank has locations across Oregon, Washington, California, Idaho and Nevada. Umpqua Holdings also owns a retail brokerage subsidiary, Umpqua Investments, Inc., which has locations in Umpqua Bank stores and in dedicated offices in Oregon. Umpqua Holdings Corporation is headquartered in Portland, Oregon.
Unilever N.V. operates as a fast-moving consumer goods company in the Americas, Europe, Asia, Australasia, Africa, the Middle East, Turkey, Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus. The company operates through Personal Care, Foods, Refreshment, and Home Care segments. The Personal Care segment offers skincare and haircare products, deodorants, and oral care products. The Foods segment provides soups, bouillons, sauces, snacks, mayonnaise, salad dressings, margarines, and spreads. The Refreshment segment offers ice cream, tea-based beverages, and weight-management products, as well as operates retail stores that provide tea and tea ware products under the T2 brand. The Home Care segment provides home care products, such as powders, liquids and capsules, soap bars, and various cleaning products. Unilever N.V. primarily offers its personal care products under the Dove, Rexona, Axe, Lux, Sunsilk, Lifebuoy, and Regenerate brands; foods under the Knorr, Hellmann??s, Rama/Blue Band, Becel, and Flora Pro??activ brands; refreshments under the Wall??s, Magnum, Cornetto, Ben & Jerry??s, Lipton, Brooke Bond, PG tips, T2, and Talenti Gelato & Sorbetto brands; and home care products under the Cif, Domestos, Persil, Omo, and Comfort brands. The company was founded in 1927 and is headquartered in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.
Headquartered in Calabasas, California, Unico is an insurance holding company that underwrites property and casualty insurance through its insurance company subsidiary; provides property and casualty and health insurance through its agency subsidiaries; and through its other subsidiaries provides insurance premium financing and membership association services. Unico has conducted the majority of its operations through its subsidiary, Crusader Insurance Company, since 1985.
Union Bankshares, Inc., headquartered in Morrisville, Vermont, is the bank holding company parent of Union Bank, which provides commercial, retail, and municipal banking services, as well as, asset management services throughout northern Vermont and New Hampshire. Union Bank operates 20 banking offices, two loan centers, and multiple ATMs throughout its geographical footprint. Since 1891, Union Bank has helped people achieve their dreams of owning a home, saving for retirement, starting or expanding a business and assisting municipalities to improve their communities. Union Bank has earned an exceptional reputation for residential lending programs and has been recognized by the US Department of Agriculture, Rural Development for the positive impact made in lives of low to moderate home buyers. Union Bank is consistently one of the top Vermont Housing Finance Agency mortgage originators and has also been designated as an SBA Preferred lender for its participation in small business lending. Union Bank's employees contribute to the communities where they work and reside, serving on non-profit boards, raising funds for worthwhile causes, and giving countless hours in serving our fellow residents. All of these efforts have resulted in Union receiving an "Outstanding" rating for its compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA") in its most recent examination. Union Bank is proud to be one of the few independent community banks serving Vermont and New Hampshire and we maintain a strong commitment to our core traditional values of keeping deposits safe, giving customers convenient financial choices and making loans to help people in our local communities buy homes, grow businesses, and create jobs. These values--combined with financial expertise, quality products and the latest technology--make Union Bank the premier choice for your banking services, both personal and business. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender.
Headquartered in Wilmington, Mass., UniFirst Corporation is a North American leader in the supply and servicing of uniform and workwear programs, as well as the delivery of facility service programs. Together with its subsidiaries, the company also provides first aid and safety products, and manages specialized garment programs for the cleanroom and nuclear industries. UniFirst manufactures its own branded workwear, protective clothing, and floorcare products; and with over 260 service locations, over 300,000 customer locations, and 14,000-plus employee Team Partners, the company outfits nearly 2 million workers each business day.
UNFI is North America's premier food wholesaler delivering the widest variety of products to customer locations throughout North America including natural product superstores, independent retailers, conventional supermarket chains, ecommerce retailers, and food service customers. By providing this deeper 'full-store' selection and compelling brands for every aisle, UNFI is uniquely positioned to deliver great food, more choices, and fresh thinking to customers everywhere. Today, UNFI is the largest grocery distributor in America.
UnitedHealth Group is a diversified health care company dedicated to helping people live healthier lives and helping make the health system work better for everyone. UnitedHealth Group offers a broad spectrum of products and services through two distinct platforms: UnitedHealthcare, which provides health care coverage and benefits services; and Optum, which provides information and technology-enabled health services.

Unum Group provides a broad portfolio of financial protection benefits and services through the workplace, and is the leading provider of disability income protection worldwide. Through its Unum US, Unum UK, Unum Poland, and Colonial Life businesses, the company provides disability, life, accident, critical illness, dental and vision benefits that protect millions of working people and their families. Unum also provides leave and absence management services that streamline the leave experience for employers and employees, and stop-loss coverage to help self-insured employers protect against medical costs. Unum reported revenues of $11.6 billion in 2018 and paid $7.2 billion in benefits. For more information, connect with us on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. About the National Business Group on Health?? The National Business Group on Health is the only non-profit organization devoted exclusively to representing large employers' perspective on health policy issues and optimizing workforce strategy through innovative health, benefits and well-being solutions. The Business Group keeps its membership on the leading edge of innovation, thinking and action to address health care cost and the delivery, financing, affordability and consumer experience with the health care system. Business Group members, many of whom have operations globally, include 73 Fortune 100 companies, and provide health coverage for more than 60 million workers, retirees and their families in over 200 countries.
Unum Group 6.250% Junior Subordinated Notes due 2058
Union Pacific Railroad is the principal operating company of Union Pacific Corporation. One of America's most recognized companies, Union Pacific Railroad connects 23 states in the western two-thirds of the country by rail, providing a critical link in the global supply chain. The railroad's diversified business mix is classified into its Agricultural Products, Energy, Industrial and Premium business groups. Union Pacific serves many of the fastest-growing U.S. population centers, operates from all major West Coast and Gulf Coast ports to eastern gateways, connects with Canada's rail systems and is the only railroad serving all six major Mexico gateways. Union Pacific provides value to its roughly 10,000 customers by delivering products in a safe, reliable, fuel-efficient and environmentally responsible manner. www.up.com www.facebook.com/unionpacific www.twitter.com/unionpacific SOURCE Union Pacific Corporation
Unity Bancorp, Inc. is a bank holding company of Unity Bank (the Bank). The Company's primary business is ownership and supervision of the Bank. The Company, through the Bank, conducts a traditional and community-oriented commercial banking business and offers services, including personal and business checking accounts, time deposits, money market accounts and regular savings accounts. The Company engages in a range of lending activities and offers commercial, Small Business Administration (SBA), consumer, mortgage, home equity and personal loans. The Bank is a full-service commercial bank, providing a range of business and consumer financial services through its main office in Clinton, New Jersey and 13 New Jersey branches located in Clinton, Edison, Flemington, Highland Park, Linden, Middlesex, North Plainfield, Phillipsburg, Scotch Plains, South Plainfield, Union, Washington and Whitehouse.
Univar Solutions is a leading global specialty chemical and ingredient distributor representing a premier portfolio from the world's leading producers. With the industry's largest private transportation fleet and North American sales force, unparalleled logistics know-how, deep market and regulatory knowledge, world-class formulation and recipe development, and leading digital tools the company is well-positioned to offer tailored solutions and value-added services to a wide range of markets, industries, and applications. Univar Solutions is committed to helping customers and suppliers innovate and grow together.


Upland Software is a leader in cloud-based tools for digital transformation. The Upland Cloud enables thousands of organizations to engage with customers on key digital channels, optimize sales team performance, manage projects and IT costs, and automate critical document workflows. The Upland Cloud is backed by a 100% customer success commitment and the UplandOne platform, which puts customers at the center of everything we do.
United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) is a package delivery company. The Company delivers packages each business day for 1.1 million shipping customers to 7.7 million consignees in over 220 countries and territories. During the year ended December 31, 2012, it delivered an average of 16.3 million pieces per day worldwide, or a total of 4.1 billion packages. It serves the global market for logistics services, which include transportation, distribution, forwarding, ground, ocean and air freight, brokerage and financing. The Company has three segments: U.S. Domestic Package, International Package and Supply Chain & Freight. In February 2012, it acquired Kiala S.A.
Upwork Inc - Ordinary Shares
Urban Outfitters, Inc. (Urban Outfitters) is a lifestyle specialty retail company, which operates under the Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie, Free People, Terrain and BHLDN brands. The Company also operates a wholesale segment under the Free People brand. In addition to its retail stores, it offers its products and markets its brands directly to the consumer through its e-commerce Websites, www.urbanoutfitters.com, www.anthropologie.com,www.freepeople.com, www.urbanoutfitters.co.uk,www.urbanoutfitters.de, www.urbanoutfitters.fr, www.anthropologie.eu, www.shopterrain.com and www.bhldn.com and also through its Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie and Free People catalogs. Its Urban Outfitters stores, Websites and catalogs offer a range of eclectic merchandise, including women's and men's fashion apparel, footwear and accessories and an eclectic mix of apartment wares and gifts.
Ur-Energy Inc. (Ur-Energy) is an exploration-stage junior mining company. The Company is engaged in the identification, acquisition, evaluation, exploration and development of uranium mineral properties located primarily in Canada and the United States with additional exploration interests in Canada. The Company's Canadian properties include Screech Lake and Gravel Hill, which are located in the Thelon Basin, Northwest Territories and Bugs, which is located in the Baker Lake Basin, Nunavut. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Ur-Energy USA Inc., NFU Wyoming, LLC, Lost Creek ISR, LLC, NFUR Bootheel, LLC, Hauber Project LLC and NFUR Hauber, LLC. The Company's Wyoming properties together total more than 63,000 acres (25,495 hectares) and leased lands for exploration prospects in Nebraska represent an additional approximately 35,000 acres (14,164 hectares).
UroGen is a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to building novel solutions that treat specialty cancers and urologic diseases because patients deserve better options. UroGen has developed RTGel??? reverse-thermal hydrogel, a proprietary sustained release, hydrogel-based platform technology that has the potential to improve therapeutic profiles of existing drugs. UroGen?€?s sustained release technology is designed to enable longer exposure of the urinary tract tissue to medications, making local therapy a potentially more effective treatment option. UroGen?€?s approved product, Jelmyto (mitomycin) for pyelocalyceal solution, and investigational treatment UGN-102 (mitomycin) for intravesical solution, are designed to ablate tumors by non-surgical means and to treat several forms of non-muscle invasive urothelial cancer, including low-grade upper tract urothelial cancer and low-grade non-muscle invasive bladder cancer, respectively. UroGen is headquartered in Princeton, NJ with operations in Israel.
United Rentals, Inc. is the largest equipment rental company in the world. The company has an integrated network of 1,169 rental locations in North America and 11 in Europe. In North America, the company operates in 49 states and every Canadian province. The company?€?s approximately 18,900 employees serve construction and industrial customers, utilities, municipalities, homeowners and others. The company offers approximately 4,000 classes of equipment for rent with a total original cost of $14.13 billion.
Urovant Sciences Ltd
USA Compression Partners, LP through its wholly owned subsidiary USA Compression Partners, LLC (Operating Subsidiary) and Operating Subsidiary's wholly owned subsidiary USAC Leasing LLC, primarily provides natural gas compression services under term contracts with customers in the oil and gas industry, using natural gas compressor packages that it designs, engineers, operates and maintains. As of September 30, 2013, the Company had approximately 1,162,353 of fleet horsepower. It provides compression services for a monthly service fee. As part of its services, the Company engineers, designs, operates service and repair its fleet of compression units and maintain related support inventory and equipment. The fleet of compression units that it owns and uses to provide compression services consists of engineered compression units that utilize standardized components, principally engines manufactured by Caterpillar, Inc. and compressor frames and cylinders manufactured by Ariel Corporation.
USA Truck provides comprehensive capacity solutions to a broad and diverse customer base throughout North America. Our Trucking and USAT Logistics divisions blend an extensive portfolio of asset and asset-light services, offering a balanced approach to supply chain management including customized truckload, dedicated contract carriage, intermodal and third-party logistics freight management services.
Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc., established in 1994 and headquartered in Bridgeville, PA, manufactures and markets semi-finished and finished specialty steels, including stainless steel, nickel alloys, tool steel and certain other alloyed steels. The Company's products are used in a variety of industries, including aerospace, power generation, oil and gas, and heavy equipment manufacturing.
Americas Gold and Silver Corporation is a high-growth, precious metals mining company with multiple assets in North America. The Company?€?s newest asset, the Relief Canyon mine in Nevada, USA, has poured first gold and is expected to ramp up to full production over the course of 2020. The Company also owns the Cosal?? Operations in Sinaloa, Mexico and manages the 60%-owned Galena Complex in Idaho, USA. The Company has completed the outstanding option acquisition agreement for the San Felipe development project in Sonora, Mexico.
USA Technologies, Inc. is a cashless payments and software services company that provides end-to-end technology solutions for the self-service retail market. USAT is transforming the unattended retail community by offering one integrated solution for payments processing, logistics, and back-office management. The company?€?s enterprise-wide platform is designed to increase consumer engagement and sales revenue through digital payments, digital advertising and customer loyalty programs, while providing retailers with control and visibility over their operations and inventory. As a result, customers ranging from vending machine companies, to operators of micro-markets, gas and car charging stations, laundromats, metered parking terminals, kiosks, amusements and more, can run their businesses more proactively, predictably, and competitively.
U.S. Gold Corp. is a publicly traded, U.S. focused gold exploration company. U.S. Gold Corp. has a portfolio of exploration properties. Copper King, now the CK Gold Project, is located in Southeast Wyoming and has a Preliminary Economic Assessment (PEA) technical report, which was completed by Mine Development Associates. Keystone and Maggie Creek are exploration properties on the Cortez and Carlin Trends in Nevada. The Challis Gold Project is located in Idaho. For more information about U.S. Gold Corp., please visit www.usgoldcorp.gold Safe Harbor Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as "anticipate," "believe," "forecast," "estimated," and "intend," among others.
U.S. Bancorp, with more than 70,000 employees and $547 billion in assets as of June 30, 2020, is the parent company of U.S. Bank National Association, the fifth-largest commercial bank in the United States. The Minneapolis-based bank blends its relationship teams, branches and ATM network with mobile and online tools that allow customers to bank how, when and where they prefer. U.S. Bank is committed to serving its millions of retail, business, wealth management, payment, commercial and corporate, and investment services customers across the country and around the world as a trusted financial partner, a commitment recognized by the Ethisphere Institute naming the bank one of the 2020 World?€?s Most Ethical Companies. Visit U.S. Bank at www.usbank.com or follow on social media to stay up to date with company news.
U.S. Bancorp Depositary Shares Series A
U.S. Bancorp Depositary Shares repstg 1/1000th Pfd Ser B
U.S. Bancorp Depositary Shares Series F
US Bancorp Del Dep Shs Repstg 1/1000th Perp Pfd Ser H
U.S. Bancorp Depositary Shares Series K
U.S. Bancorp.
U.S. Concrete, Inc. (U.S. Concrete) is a producer of ready-mixed concrete, precast concrete products and concrete-related products in select markets in the United States. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had 101 fixed and 11 portable ready-mixed concrete plants and seven aggregates facilities. During the year ended December 31, 2012, these plants and facilities produced approximately 4.8 million cubic yards of ready-mixed concrete and 3.3 million tons of aggregates. Its ready-mixed segment operates principally in Texas, California and New Jersey/New York, Oklahoma and Washington D.C. The Company's precast concrete products segment produces precast concrete at one plant in Pennsylvania. The Company has supplied concrete for green building projects, such as the San Francisco Public Utilities Headquarters, San Francisco Academy of Sciences, and One World Trade Center. In December 2012, the Company's subsidiary sold Arizona Precast Operations.
USD Partners LP is a fee-based, growth-oriented master limited partnership formed in 2014 by US Development Group, LLC (?€?USDG?€?) to acquire, develop and operate midstream infrastructure and complementary logistics solutions for crude oil, biofuels and other energy-related products. The Partnership generates substantially all of its operating cash flows from multi-year, take-or-pay contracts with primarily investment grade customers, including major integrated oil companies and refiners. The Partnership?€?s principal assets include a network of crude oil terminals that facilitate the transportation of heavy crude oil from Western Canada to key demand centers across North America. The Partnership?€?s operations include railcar loading and unloading, storage and blending in on-site tanks, inbound and outbound pipeline connectivity, truck transloading, as well as other related logistics services. In addition, the Partnership provides customers with leased railcars and fleet services to facilitate the transportation of liquid hydrocarbons and biofuels by rail. USDG, which owns the general partner of USD Partners LP, is engaged in designing, developing, owning, and managing large-scale multi-modal logistics centers and energy-related infrastructure across North America. USDG solutions create flexible market access for customers in significant growth areas and key demand centers, including Western Canada, the U.S. Gulf Coast and Mexico. Among other projects, USDG is currently pursuing the development of a premier energy logistics terminal on the Houston Ship Channel with capacity for substantial tank storage, multiple docks (including barge and deepwater), inbound and outbound pipeline connectivity, as well as a rail terminal with unit train capabilities.
We are an independent energy company focused on the acquisition and development of oil and gas producing properties in the United States. Our business is currently focused on targeting mature, low decline assets with existing infrastructure that allows us to maximize our return on capital in a sustainable and efficient manner.
US Foods is one of America?€?s great food companies and a leading foodservice distributor, partnering with approximately 300,000 restaurants and foodservice operators to help their businesses succeed. With more than 70 broadline locations and 76 cash and carry stores, US Foods provides its customers with a broad and innovative food offering and a comprehensive suite of e-commerce, technology and business solutions.
The Fund, under normal circumstances, invests at least 80% of its net assets (plus the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes) in equity securities of issuers economically tied to the United States. The Fund will operate as a ?€?fund-of-funds?€? by investing primarily in sector-based exchange-traded funds (?€?ETFs?€?) and other ETFs.    The Fund is an actively managed ETF that seeks to achieve its investment objective by using proprietary, multi-factor quantitative models that use fundamental factors and market risk measurement factors to help establish allocation to primary sectors of the S&P 500?? Index, as well as cash and cash equivalents. The primary sectors of the S&P 500?? Index include: consumer discretionary, consumer staples, communications services, energy, financials, healthcare, industrials, materials, real estate, technology, and utilities. The sector allocation model is driven by factors related to size, valuation, momentum and quality. This sector model runs on a daily basis, ranking each sector based on relative attractiveness and expected returns to help the Fund?€?s portfolio managers determine whether to take an overweight, underweight or neutral position to a particular sector relative to that sectors?€? benchmark weight. The sector model uses a multi-factor approach and considers all S&P 500?? sectors but is not expected to generally emphasize any particular factor, valuation method or sector. The market risk model also runs on a daily basis and analyzes market and macro-economic data to help the portfolio managers identify the equity risk level. The portfolio managers use the output of both the sector model and market risk model to help determine final allocations for the strategy.    The Fund seeks to provide risk controls in down markets, through embedded downside risk management, in order to attempt to protect capital in periods of falling equity markets, while providing potential for outperformance in up markets. To seek to provide risk controls in down markets, the Fund intends to invest in the AGFiQ U.S. Market Neutral Anti-Beta Fund, an ETF that is also managed by the Adviser and may also invest in similar lower beta ETFs available in the marketplace, including ETFs managed by the Adviser, as well as cash, money market ETFs, money market securities and Treasury Bills. For this purpose, ?€?low beta?€? or ?€?lower beta?€? refers to ETFs or other securities that are less sensitive to the movement of the overall equity market, as represented by the S&P 500??. A lower beta security is generally expected to be less volatile than the overall equity market and inclusion of low beta securities in a portfolio may help lower that portfolio?€?s overall volatility.    The Fund does not anticipate using traditional hedging techniques such as derivatives or short sales. Instead, the portfolio managers intend to increase allocations to lower beta ETFs within the portfolio at times when they believe equity market risk to be high or rising and to decrease such allocations when equity market risk levels are estimated to be low or falling. The Fund?€?s allocations to lower beta ETFs is anticipated to fluctuate but typically range from 0% to 50% of net assets.
Usio, Inc., a leading integrated payment solutions provider, offers a wide range of payment solutions to merchants, billers, banks, service bureaus, and card issuers. The Company operates credit, debit/prepaid, and ACH payment processing platforms to deliver convenient, world-class payment solutions and services to their clients. The strength of the Company lies in its ability to provide tailored solutions for card issuance, payment acceptance, and bill payments as well as its unique technology in the prepaid sector. Usio is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas, and has offices in Austin, Texas, and Franklin, Tennessee, just outside of Nashville. Websites: www.usio.com, www.singularpayments.com, www.payfacinabox.com, and www.akimbocard.com. Find us on Facebook?? and Twitter.
United States Lime & Minerals, Inc. conducts its business through two segments, Lime and Limestone Operations and Natural Gas Interests. The Company manufactures lime and limestone products, supply primarily the construction, steel, municipal sanitation and water treatment, oil and gas services, aluminum, paper, glass, roof shingle and agriculture industries and utilities and other industries requiring scrubbing of emissions for environmental purposes. Its Lime and Limestone Operations represent its principal business. It operates lime and limestone plants and distribution facilities in Arkansas, Colorado, Louisiana, Oklahoma and Texas through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Arkansas Lime Company, Colorado Lime Company, Texas Lime Company, U.S. Lime Company, U.S. Lime Company - Shreveport, U.S. Lime Company - St. Clair and U.S. Lime Company - Transportation. The Company extracts limestone from its open-pit and underground quarries.
U S LIQUIDS INC
United States Cellular Corporation provides wireless telecommunications services in the United States. Its wireless services include postpaid and prepaid service plans with voice, messaging, and data services; and smartphone messaging, data, and Internet services, which allow the customer to access the Web, social network sites, email, text, picture, and video messaging, as well as utilize GPS navigation, and to browse and download various applications. The company also offers roaming services; and home security and automation system that allows customers to receive professional home monitoring services, as well as protection against fire and other emergencies, and energy and video monitoring. In addition, it provides machine to machine, wireless priority, and mobile device management services in the areas of asset/fleet management, monitor and control, mobile automation, and business communication to business and government customers; wireless devices, such as handsets, modems, mobile hotspots, home phone, and tablets; and accessories that include carrying cases, hands-free devices, batteries, battery chargers, and memory cards. The company serves approximately 4.8 million customers, including retail, government, and small-to-mid-size business customers in various industries, such as construction, retail, professional services, and real estate. United States Cellular Corporation offers its products and services through retail sales, direct sales, third-party national retailers, and independent agents, as well as Website and telesales. As of December 31, 2014, it operated 275 retail stores and kiosks. The company was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. United States Cellular Corporation is a subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc.
USANA prides itself in providing consumers the highest quality nutritional products in the world. From its award-winning supplements to its innovative skincare line, USANA has proven for more than 25 years why it's a company you can trust. How about giving us a try?

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. through its subsidiaries, operates outpatient physical and occupational therapy clinics that provides pre- and post-operative care and treatment for orthopedic-related disorders, sports-related injuries, preventative care, rehabilitation of injured workers and neurological-related injuries. The Company also operates two clinics, which specialize in the outpatient, non-surgical treatment of osteo arthritis degeneration joint disease and other musculoskeletal conditions and perform certain services on behalf of third parties that provide physical therapy services. In May 2013, the Company acquired an 80% interest in a five clinic physical therapy group. In October 2013, U.S. Physical Therapy Inc announced that it has sold the remaining piece of its former Physician Services business.
U.S. Well Services, Inc. is a leading provider of hydraulic fracturing services and a market leader in electric fracture stimulation. The Company?€?s patented electric frac technology provides one of the first fully electric, mobile well stimulation systems powered by locally supplied natural gas including field gas sourced directly from the wellhead. The Company?€?s electric frac technology dramatically decreases emissions and sound pollution while generating exceptional operational efficiencies including significant customer fuel cost savings versus conventional diesel fleets.

U.S. Xpress Enterprises Inc. Class A
The Fund seeks to track the investments results of the MSCI USA Choice ESG Screened Index (the ?€?Underlying Index?€?), which has been developed by MSCI Inc. (the ?€?Index Provider?€? or ?€?MSCI?€?). The Underlying Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization-weighted index designed to reflect the equity performance of large- and mid-capitalization U.S. companies with favorable environmental, social and governance (?€?ESG?€?) ratings (as determined by MSCI ESG Research LLC (?€?MSCI ESG Research?€?)) while applying extensive screens, including removing fossil fuel exposure. MSCI begins with the MSCI USA Index (the ?€?Parent Index?€?) and selects companies with favorable ESG ratings while excluding securities of companies involved in adult entertainment, alcohol, gambling, tobacco, genetic engineering, controversial weapons, nuclear weapons, civilian firearms, conventional weapons, palm oil, private prisons, predatory lending, and nuclear power based on revenue or percentage of revenue thresholds for certain categories (e.g. $500 million or 50%) and categorical exclusions for others (e.g. nuclear weapons).MSCI ESG Research rates the ESG characteristics of securities on a scale of ?€?CCC?€? (lowest) to ?€?AAA?€? (highest). MSCI ESG Research determines the ESG ratings by evaluating the company's risks and opportunities and using a sector-specific ESG Key Issues (?€?Key Issues?€?) (e.g., carbon emissions) selection and weighting model. Each company is scored on a scale of 0 to 10, with 10 being the most desirable, for each applicable Key Issue before being provided an ESG rating based on average Key Issue score. ESG ratings are calculated in comparison to a company's sector peers, and securities in one sector may have a lower average ESG rating than securities in another sector. Only securities of companies with an ESG rating of ?€?BBB?€? or higher are eligible for inclusion in the Underlying Index.MSCI screens companies with involvement in fossil fuels by excluding any company in the energy sector as per GICS methodology and all companies with an industry tie to fossil fuels such as thermal coal, oil and gas?€?in particular, reserve ownership, related revenues and power generation. Companies that meet the fossil fuel involvement screen but that derive more than 50% of revenues from alternative energy and do not have an industry tie to thermal coal or oil sands or have fossil fuel reserves used most likely for energy applications, as determined by the Index Provider, will be added back. Additionally, MSCI excludes companies involved in very serious business controversies. MSCI ESG Research defines a controversy as an instance or ongoing situation in which company operations and/or products allegedly have a negative environmental, social and/or governance impact. Each controversy case is assessed for the severity of its impact on society.The Underlying Index includes large- and mid-capitalization companies and may change over time. As of May 12, 2020, a significant portion of the Underlying Index is represented by securities of companies in the information technology industry or sector. The components of the Underlying Index are likely to change over time. The Underlying Index is reviewed quarterly to coincide with the semi-annual and quarterly review of the Parent Index.BFA uses a ?€?passive?€? or indexing approach to try to achieve the Fund?€?s investment objective. Unlike many investment companies, the Fund does not try to ?€?beat?€? the index it tracks and does not seek temporary defensive positions when markets decline or appear overvalued.Indexing may eliminate the chance that the Fund will substantially outperform the Underlying Index but also may reduce some of the risks of active management, such as poor security selection. Indexing seeks to achieve lower costs and better after-tax performance by aiming to keep portfolio turnover low in comparison to actively managed investment companies.BFA uses a representative sampling indexing strategy to manage the Fund. ?€?Representative sampling?€? is an indexing strategy that involves investing in a representative sample of securities that collectively has an investment profile similar to that of an applicable underlying index. The securities selected are expected to have, in the aggregate, investment characteristics (based on factors such as market capitalization and industry weightings), fundamental characteristics (such as return variability and yield) and liquidity measures similar to those of an applicable underlying index. The Fund may or may not hold all of the securities in the Underlying Index.The Fund generally will invest at least 90% of its assets in the component securities of the Underlying Index and may invest up to 10% of its assets in certain futures, options and swap contracts, cash and cash equivalents, including shares of money market funds advised by BFA or its affiliates, as well as in securities not included in the Underlying Index, but which BFA believes will help the Fund track the Underlying Index. The Fund seeks to track the investment results of the Underlying Index before fees and expenses of the Fund.The Fund may lend securities representing up to one-third of the value of the Fund's total assets (including the value of any collateral received).The Underlying Index is sponsored by MSCI, which is independent of the Fund and BFA. The Index Provider determines the composition and relative weightings of the securities in the Underlying Index and publishes information regarding the market value of the Underlying Index.Industry Concentration Policy. The Fund will concentrate its investments (i.e., hold 25% or more of its total assets) in a particular industry or group of industries to approximately the same extent that the Underlying Index is concentrated. For purposes of this limitation, securities of the U.S. government (including its agencies and instrumentalities) and repurchase agreements collateralized by U.S. government securities are not considered to be issued by members of any industry.
United Therapeutics Corporation focuses on the strength of a balanced, value-creating biotechnology model. We are confident in our future thanks to our fundamental attributes, namely our obsession with quality and innovation, the power of our brands, our entrepreneurial culture, and our bioinformatics leadership. We also believe that our determination to be responsible citizens ?€? having a positive impact on patients, the environment, and society ?€? will sustain our success in the long term. Through our wholly owned subsidiary, Lung Biotechnology PBC, we are focused on addressing the acute national shortage of transplantable lungs and other organs with a variety of technologies that either delay the need for such organs or expand the supply. Lung Biotechnology is the first public benefit corporation subsidiary of a public biotechnology or pharmaceutical company.
, Inc. With more than 220,000 graduates in its 55-year history, Universal Technical Institute, Inc. is the nation's leading provider of technical training for automotive, diesel, collision repair, motorcycle and marine technicians, and offers welding technology and computer numerical control (CNC) machining programs. The company has built partnerships with industry leaders, outfits its state-of-the-industry facilities with current technology, and delivers training that is aligned with employer needs. Through its network of 12 campuses nationwide, UTI offers post-secondary programs under the banner of several well-known brands, including Universal Technical Institute (UTI), Motorcycle Mechanics Institute and Marine Mechanics Institute (MMI) and NASCAR Technical Institute (NASCAR Tech). The company is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona. For more information, visit www.uti.edu. Like UTI on www.facebook.com/UTI or follow UTI on Twitter @UTITweet, @MMITweet, and @NASCARTechUTI.
Unitil Corporation provides energy for life by safely and reliably delivering natural gas and electricity in New England. We are committed to the communities we serve and to developing people, business practices, and technologies that lead to the delivery of dependable, more efficient energy. Unitil Corporation is a public utility holding company with operations in Maine, New Hampshire and Massachusetts. Together, Unitil?€?s operating utilities serve approximately 106,100 electric customers and 83,900 natural gas customers. Other subsidiaries include Usource, Unitil?€?s non-regulated business segment, which the Company divested in the first quarter or 2019.
Utah Medical Products, Inc. (UTMD) is in the business of producing medical devices that are, disposable and for hospital use. The Company markets a range of medical devices used in critical care areas, especially the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), the labor and delivery (L&D) department and the women's health center in hospitals, as well as products sold to outpatient clinics and physician's offices. It's products are sold directly to end users in the United States domestic market by Its own direct sales representatives and independent manufacturers' representatives. In addition, some of its products are sold through specialty distributors, national hospital distribution companies and other medical device manufacturers. Internationally, products are sold directly to end users in the United Kingdom and Australia, and through other medical device companies and through independent medical products distributors. On March 18, 2011, UTMD acquierd Femcare Holdings Ltd. (Femcare).
UTStarcom is committed to helping network operators offer their customers the most innovative, reliable and cost-effective communication services. UTStarcom offers high performance advanced equipment optimized for the most rapidly growing network functions, such as mobile backhaul, metro aggregation and broadband access. UTStarcom has operations and customers around the world, with a special focus on Japan and India. UTStarcom was founded in 1991 and listed its shares on the Nasdaq Market in 2000.
Utz Brands, Inc. manufactures a diverse portfolio of salty snacks under popular brands including Utz??, Zapp?€?s??, Golden Flake??, Good Health??, Boulder Canyon??, Hawaiian?? Brand, and TORTIYAHS!??, among others. After nearly a century, with strong family heritage, Utz continues to have a passion for exciting and delighting consumers with delicious snack foods made from top-quality ingredients. Utz?€?s products are distributed nationally and internationally through grocery, mass merchant, club, convenience, drug and other channels. Based in Hanover, Pennsylvania, Utz operates fourteen facilities located in Pennsylvania, Alabama, Arizona, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Washington, and Massachusetts.
Collier Creek Holdings Wt
Universal Security Instruments, Inc. designs and markets a range of safety products consisting of smoke alarms, carbon monoxide alarms and related products. The Company also market products to the electrical distribution trade, through its wholly owned subsidiary, USI Electric, Inc. (USI Electric). The electrical distribution trade includes electrical and lighting distributors, as well as manufactured housing companies. The Company markets a range of residential smoke and carbon monoxide alarms under the brand names USI Electric and UNIVERSAL. The Company's line of smoke alarms consists of battery, electrical and electrical with battery backup alarms. The products contain different types of batteries with different battery lives, and some with alarm silencers. The smoke alarms marketed to the electrical distribution trade also include hearing impaired and heat alarms with a range of additional features. It also markets carbon monoxide alarms, door chimes and ventilation products.
Energy Fuels is a leading US-based uranium mining company, supplying U3O8 to major nuclear utilities. The company also produces vanadium from certain of its projects, as market conditions warrant. Its corporate offices are near Denver, Colorado, and all of its assets and employees are in the United States. Energy Fuels holds three of America's key uranium production centers, the White Mesa Mill in Utah, the Nichols Ranch in-situ recovery ("ISR") Project in Wyoming, and the Alta Mesa ISR Project in Texas. The White Mesa Mill is the only conventional uranium mill operating in the U.S. today, has a licensed capacity of over 8 million pounds of U3O8 per year, and has the ability to produce vanadium when market conditions warrant. The Nichols Ranch ISR Project is in operation and has a licensed capacity of 2 million pounds of U3O8 per year. The Alta Mesa ISR Project is currently on standby. In addition to the above production facilities, Energy Fuels also has one of the largest NI 43-101 compliant uranium resource portfolios in the U.S., and several uranium and uranium/vanadium mining projects on standby and in various stages of permitting and development. The primary trading market for Energy Fuels' common shares is the NYSE American under the trading symbol "UUUU", and the Company's common shares are also listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the trading symbol "EFR." Energy Fuels' website is www.energyfuels.com. About NetworkNewsAudio NetworkNewsAudio (?€?NNA?€?) allows you to sit back and listen to market updates, CEO interviews and a company AudioPressRelease (?€?APR?€?). These audio clips provide snapshots of position, opportunity and momentum. NNA?€?can assist your company by cutting through the overload of information in today's market. NNA brings its Client Partners unparalleled visibility, recognition and brand awareness. NNA is just one site within our sizable family of 40+ brands within the InvestorBrandNetwork (?€?IBN?€?). IBN is a comprehensive provider of news and original articles; we aggregate and syndicate this content for much bigger impact. IBN also adds Press Release Enhancement and a full array of social media communication solutions and has amassed a collective audience that includes millions of social media followers. As a multifaceted financial news and distribution company with an extensive team of journalists and writers, IBN has the unparalleled ability to reach a wide audience comprising investors, consumers, journalists and the general public with an ever-growing distribution network of 5,000+ key syndication outlets across the nation.

Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. (?€?UVE?€?) is a holding company offering property and casualty insurance and value-added insurance services. We develop, market, and write insurance products for consumers predominantly in the personal residential homeowners lines of business and perform substantially all other insurance-related services for our primary insurance entities, including risk management, claims management and distribution. We sell insurance products through both our appointed independent agents and through our direct online distribution channels in the United States across 19 states (primarily Florida).
Univest Financial Corporation (UVSP), including its wholly-owned subsidiary Univest Bank and Trust Co., Member FDIC, has approximately $6.4 billion in assets and $3.8 billion in assets under management and supervision through its Wealth Management lines of business at September??30, 2020. Headquartered in Souderton, Pa. and founded in 1876, the Corporation and its subsidiaries provide a full range of financial solutions for individuals, businesses, municipalities and nonprofit organizations primarily in the Mid-Atlantic Region. Univest delivers these services through a network of more than 50 offices in southeastern Pennsylvania extending to the Lehigh Valley and Lancaster, as well as in New Jersey and Maryland and online at www.univest.net.
Universal Corporation, headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, sources, processes, and supplies agri-products. Tobacco has been our principal focus since our founding in 1918, and we are the leading global leaf tobacco supplier. We conduct business in more than 30 countries on five continents. Our revenues for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, were $2.2 billion.
Uxin Ltd
No Description Available
United States Cellular Corporation provides wireless telecommunications services in the United States. Its wireless services include postpaid and prepaid service plans with voice, messaging, and data services; and smartphone messaging, data, and Internet services, which allow the customer to access the Web, social network sites, email, text, picture, and video messaging, as well as utilize GPS navigation, and to browse and download various applications. The company also offers roaming services; and home security and automation system that allows customers to receive professional home monitoring services, as well as protection against fire and other emergencies, and energy and video monitoring. In addition, it provides machine to machine, wireless priority, and mobile device management services in the areas of asset/fleet management, monitor and control, mobile automation, and business communication to business and government customers; wireless devices, such as handsets, modems, mobile hotspots, home phone, and tablets; and accessories that include carrying cases, hands-free devices, batteries, battery chargers, and memory cards. The company serves approximately 4.8 million customers, including retail, government, and small-to-mid-size business customers in various industries, such as construction, retail, professional services, and real estate. United States Cellular Corporation offers its products and services through retail sales, direct sales, third-party national retailers, and independent agents, as well as Website and telesales. As of December 31, 2014, it operated 275 retail stores and kiosks. The company was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. United States Cellular Corporation is a subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc.

United States Cellular Corporation
Visa Inc. is the world?€?s leader in digital payments. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, reliable and secure payment network - enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive. Our advanced global processing network, VisaNet, provides secure and reliable payments around the world, and is capable of handling more than 65,000 transaction messages a second. The company?€?s relentless focus on innovation is a catalyst for the rapid growth of digital commerce on any device, for everyone, everywhere. As the world moves from analog to digital, Visa is applying our brand, products, people, network and scale to reshape the future of commerce.
Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation is a leading global vacation company that offers vacation ownership, exchange, rental and resort and property management, along with related businesses, products and services. The company has a diverse portfolio that includes seven vacation ownership brands. It also includes exchange networks and membership programs, as well as management of other resorts and lodging properties. As a leader and innovator in the vacation industry, the company upholds the highest standards of excellence in serving its customers, investors and associates while maintaining exclusive, long-term relationships with Marriott International and Hyatt Hotels Corporation for the development, sales and marketing of vacation ownership products and services.
Vector Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Vale S.A., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the research, production, and sale of iron ore and pellets, nickel, fertilizer, copper, coal, manganese, ferroalloys, cobalt, platinum group metals, and precious metals in Brazil and internationally. Its Bulk Material segment produces and extracts iron ore and pellet. This segment is also involved in the production and extraction of manganese, ferroalloys, and others ferrous products and services; and extraction of coal, as well as in the provision of railroad, port, and terminal logistics services. The company??s Base Metals segment produces and extracts non-ferrous minerals, including nickel and copper. Its Fertilizers segment provides a group of nutrients, such as potash, phosphates, and nitrogen. The company also invests in energy generation through operating hydroelectric plants and centers, as well as produces steel. The company was formerly known as Companhia Vale do Rio Doce and changed its name to Vale S.A. in May 2009. Vale S.A. was founded in 1942 and is headquartered in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Value Line, Inc. produces and sells investment related periodical publications primarily in the United States. The company??s investment periodicals and related publications cover various areas of investments, including stocks, mutual funds, options, and convertible securities, as well as well as special situation stocks. It offers comprehensive reference periodical publications, including The Value Line Investment Survey, The Value Line Investment Survey-Small and Mid-Cap, The Value Line 600, and The Value Line Fund Advisor Plus, which provide statistical and text coverage of various investment securities, with an emphasis placed on its proprietary research, analysis, and statistical ranks; and niche periodical newsletters, which include Value Line Select, Value Line Dividend Select, and The Value Line Special Situations Service that provide information on a less comprehensive basis for securities that interest subscribers. The company also offers online current and historical financial databases to institutional and professional subscribers; and investment analysis software, including The Value Line Investment Analyzer and The Value Line Mutual Fund Survey for Windows, which include data sorting and filtering tools. It offers online versions of its products at its Website, valueline.com. The company??s customers include individual and professional investors; and institutions comprising municipal and university libraries, and investment firms. Value Line, Inc. was founded in 1931 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
Vapotherm, Inc. is a publicly traded developer and manufacturer of advanced respiratory technology based in Exeter, New Hampshire, USA. The Company develops innovative, comfortable, non-invasive technologies for respiratory support of patients with chronic or acute breathing disorders. Over 2.3 million patients have been treated with Vapotherm high velocity therapy. High velocity therapy is mask-free noninvasive ventilatory support for spontaneously breathing patients and is a front-line tool for relieving respiratory distress?€?including hypercapnia, hypoxemia, and dyspnea. It allows for the fast, safe treatment of undifferentiated respiratory distress with one tool. The Precision Flow system?€?s mask-free interface delivers optimally conditioned breathing gases, making it comfortable for patients and reducing the risks associated with mask therapies. While being treated, patients can talk, eat, drink and take oral medication.
Varian Medical Systems, Inc. is engaged in the design, manufacture, sale and service of equipment and software products for treating cancer with radiotherapy, stereotactic radiotherapy, stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT), stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) and brachytherapy. The Company also designs, manufactures, sells and services x-ray tubes for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs); replacement x-ray tubes, and flat panel digital image detectors for filmless x-ray imaging (flat panel detectors or digital image detectors) in medical, dental, veterinary, scientific and industrial applications. It designs, manufactures, sells and services linear accelerators, digital image detectors, image processing software and image detection products for security and inspection purposes. In March 2011, it acquired a privately-held supplier of devices for delivery of brachytherapy treatment of cancer. In August 2012, the Company established a subsidiary, Varian Medical Systems Korea.
Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp. operates as the holding company for Village Bank that provides banking and related financial services to individuals and businesses in Richmond, Virginia metropolitan area. It accepts checking, savings, certificates of deposit, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and individual retirement accounts. The company also provides secured and unsecured commercial loans to small- and medium-sized businesses for various purposes, such as funding working capital needs, business expansion, and purchase of equipment and machinery; loans for acquiring, developing, constructing, and owning commercial real estate properties; and secured and unsecured consumer loans for financing automobiles, home improvements, education, and personal investments, as well as originates residential mortgage loans for sale in the secondary market. In addition, it offers online banking, mobile banking, and remote deposit capture services for business clients. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Midlothian, Virginia.
VBI Vaccines Inc. is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. VBI is advancing the prevention and treatment of hepatitis B, with the only tri-antigenic hepatitis B vaccine, Sci-B-Vac??, which is approved for use and commercially available in Israel, and recently completed its Phase 3 program in the U.S., Europe, and Canada, and with an immunotherapeutic in development for a functional cure for chronic hepatitis B. VBI?€?s enveloped virus-like particle (eVLP) platform technology enables development of eVLPs that closely mimic the target virus to elicit a potent immune response. VBI?€?s lead eVLP programs include a vaccine immunotherapeutic candidate targeting glioblastoma (GBM), a prophylactic cytomegalovirus (CMV) vaccine candidate, and a prophylactic pan-coronavirus vaccine candidate. VBI is headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with research operations in Ottawa, Canada, and research and manufacturing facilities in Rehovot, Israel.
Vascular Biogenics Ltd., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on the discovery, development, and commercialization of treatments for cancer and immune-inflammatory diseases in Israel. Its lead product candidates include VB-111, a gene-based biologic that has completed Phase II clinical trials for the treatment of recurrent glioblastoma, an aggressive form of brain cancer; in Phase II clinical trials to treat thyroid cancer; and in Phase I/II clinical trials for the treatment of ovarian cancer. The company was formerly known as Medicard Ltd. and changed its name to Vascular Biogenics Ltd. in January 2003. Vascular Biogenics Ltd. was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Or Yehuda, Israel.
Headquartered in Dallas, Texas, Veritex is a bank holding company that conducts banking activities through its wholly owned subsidiary, Veritex Community Bank, with locations throughout the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex and in the Houston metropolitan area. Veritex Community Bank is a Texas state chartered bank regulated by the Texas Department of Banking and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
Visteon is a global technology company that designs, engineers and manufactures innovative cockpit electronics and connected car solutions for the world?€?s major vehicle manufacturers. Visteon is driving the smart, learning, digital cockpit of the future, to improve safety and the user experience. Visteon is a global leader in cockpit electronic products including digital instrument clusters, information displays, infotainment, head-up displays, telematics, SmartCore??? cockpit domain controllers, and the DriveCore??? autonomous driving platform. Visteon also delivers artificial intelligence-based technologies, connected car, cybersecurity, interior sensing, and embedded multimedia and smartphone connectivity software solutions. Headquartered in Van Buren Township, Michigan, Visteon has approximately 10,000 employees at more than 40 facilities in 18 countries. Visteon had sales of approximately $3 billion in 2019.
Vericel is a leader in advanced therapies for the sports medicine and severe burn care markets. The company markets two cell therapy products in the United States. MACI (autologous cultured chondrocytes on porcine collagen membrane) is an autologous cellularized scaffold product indicated for the repair of symptomatic, single or multiple full-thickness cartilage defects of the knee with or without bone involvement in adults. Epicel (cultured epidermal autografts) is a permanent skin replacement for the treatment of patients with deep dermal or full-thickness burns greater than or equal to 30% of total body surface area. The company also holds an exclusive license for North American rights to NexoBrid, a registration-stage biological orphan product for debridement of severe thermal burns.
Vaccinex, Inc.??is developing innovative therapies for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases and cancer, and supporting multiple collaborations with large biotech and major pharma partners through a proprietary discovery platform that enables selection of high value antibodies to difficult multipass membrane receptors. The company?€?s lead drug candidate, pepinemab, blocks SEMA4D, a potent biological effector that prevents immune infiltration into tumors and triggers chronic inflammation in the brain. The company additionally intends to leverage its proprietary drug discovery platform, ActivMAb ??, to create opportunities for future pipeline expansion and strategic collaborations, particularly by exploiting its unique capability to select high value antibodies against important multi-pass membrane receptors including GPCR and ion channels.
Vocera Communications, Inc. (Vocera) is a provider of mobile communication solutions. The Company's solutions consist of its Voice Communication, Messaging and Care Transition solutions. Its Voice Communication solution, which includes a communication badge and a software platform, enables users to connect with other hospital staff. The Company's Messaging solution delivers text messages and alerts directly to and from smartphones. Its Care Transition solution is a voice and text-based software application that captures, manages and monitors patient information when responsibility for the patient is transferred or handed-off from one caregiver to another, or when the patient is discharged from the hospital. Users can communicate with others using the Vocera communication badge or through Vocera Connect client applications available for BlackBerry, iPhone and Android smartphones, as well as Cisco wireless Internet protocol (IP) phones and other mobile devices.
Victory Capital Holdings Inc
Veracyte is a global genomic diagnostics company that improves patient care by providing answers to clinical questions, informing diagnosis and treatment decisions throughout the patient journey in cancer and other diseases. The company?€?s growing menu of genomic tests leverage advances in genomic science and technology, enabling patients to avoid risky, costly diagnostic procedures and quicken time to appropriate treatment. The company?€?s tests in thyroid cancer, lung cancer, breast cancer and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis are available to patients and its lymphoma subtyping test is in development. With Veracyte?€?s exclusive global license to a best-in-class diagnostics instrument platform, the company is positioned to deliver its tests to patients worldwide. Veracyte is based in South San Francisco, California.
Vectrus is a leading provider of global service solutions with a history in the services market that dates back more than 70 years. The company provides facility and base operations ; supply chain and logistics services ; information technology mission support ; and engineering and digital technology services primarily to U.S. government customers around the world. Vectrus is differentiated by operational excellence, superior program performance, a history of long-term customer relationships and a strong commitment to its clients' mission success. Vectrus is headquartered in Colorado Springs, Colo., and includes about 7,100 employees spanning 148 locations in 26 countries and territories. In 2019, Vectrus generated sales of $1.4 billion.
Veeco is an innovative manufacturer of semiconductor process equipment. Our proven ion beam, laser annealing, lithography, MOCVD, and single wafer etch & clean technologies play an integral role in the fabrication and packaging of advanced semiconductor devices. With equipment designed to optimize performance, yield and cost of ownership, Veeco holds leading technology positions in the markets it serves.
Vedanta Limited, a subsidiary of Vedanta Resources Limited, is one of the world's leading diversified natural resource companies with business operations in India, South Africa, Namibia and Australia. Vedanta is a leading producer of Oil & Gas, Zinc, Lead, Silver, Copper, Iron Ore,??Steel, Aluminium & Power. Governance and Sustainable Development are at the core of Vedanta's strategy, with a strong focus on health, safety and environment and on enhancing the lives of local communities. The company is conferred with,??CII-ITC Sustainability Award, FICCI CSR Award, Dun & Bradstreet Awards in Metals & Mining & The Great Place to Work. For two decades, Vedanta has been contributing to India's growth story. The company is amongst the top private sector contributors to the exchequer with the highest ever contribution of INR 42, 560 Crore in FY 2019. Vedanta contributes 1 percent of India's GDP. Vedanta Limited is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange in India and has ADRs listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
Veeva Systems Inc. is a leader in cloud solutions?€?including data, software, and services?€?for the global life sciences industry. Committed to innovation, product excellence, and customer success, Veeva serves more than 900 customers, ranging from the world's largest pharmaceutical companies to emerging biotechs. The company is headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area, with offices throughout North America, Europe, Asia, and Latin America.


VEREIT is a full-service real estate operating company which owns and manages one of the largest portfolios of single-tenant commercial properties in the U.S.??VEREIT has total real estate investments of??$14.7 billion??including approximately 3,800 properties and 88.9 million square feet. VEREIT's business model provides equity capital to creditworthy corporations in return for long-term leases on their properties. VEREIT is a publicly traded Maryland corporation listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
VEREIT Inc. 6.70% Series F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock

Verb Technology Company Inc Wt Exp 3132024
Veritone is a leading provider of artificial intelligence (AI) technology and solutions. The company?€?s proprietary operating system, aiWARE???, powers a diverse set of AI applications and intelligent process automation solutions that are transforming both commercial and government organizations. aiWARE orchestrates an expanding ecosystem of machine learning models to transform audio, video, and other data sources into actionable intelligence. The company?€?s AI developer tools enable its customers and partners to easily develop and deploy custom applications that leverage the power of AI to dramatically improve operational efficiency and unlock untapped opportunities. Veritone is headquartered in Costa Mesa, California, and has offices in Denver, London, New York and San Diego.
Restoration Robotics Inc - Ordinary Shares

Veru Inc. is an oncology and urology biopharmaceutical company with a focus on developing novel medicines for the management of prostate cancer. The Veru prostate cancer pipeline includes VERU-111, VERU-100, and Zuclomiphene citrate. VERU-111 is an oral, first-in-class, new chemical entity that targets, crosslinks, and disrupts alpha and beta tubulin subunits of microtubules. VERU-111 is being evaluated in an open label Phase 1b/2 clinical study in men with metastatic castration and androgen receptor targeting agent resistant prostate cancer. The Phase 1b clinical study completed enrollment of 39 men and is ongoing. The Phase 2 clinical study has completed the enrollment of 40 men who have metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer and who have also become resistant to at least one novel androgen receptor targeting agent, such as abiraterone or enzalutamide, but prior to IV chemotherapy. VERU-111 is also being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial to assess the efficacy of VERU-111 in combating COVID-19. VERU-100 is a novel, proprietary peptide formulation designed to address the current limitations of commercially available androgen deprivation therapies (ADT) for advanced prostate cancer. VERU-100 is a long-acting gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) antagonist administered as a small volume, subcutaneous 3-month depot injection without a loading dose. VERU-100 immediately suppresses testosterone with no testosterone surge upon initial or repeated administration ?€? a problem which occurs with currently approved luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH) agonists used for ADT. There are no GnRH antagonists commercially approved beyond a one-month injection. An IND is expected to be submitted for the Phase 2 study to evaluate VERU-100 dosing in the fourth quarter of calendar year 2020 and a Phase 2 clinical trial is anticipated to commence Q1 2021. Zuclomiphene citrate is an oral nonsteroidal estrogen receptor agonist being developed to treat hot flashes, a common side effect caused by ADT in men with advanced prostate cancer. Following an End of Phase 2 meeting with the FDA, the Company plans to advance Zuclomiphene citrate to a Phase 3 clinical trial in men with advanced prostate cancer who experience moderate to severe hot flashes. Veru is also advancing new drug formulations in its specialty pharmaceutical pipeline addressing unmet medical needs in urology such as the Tadalafil and Finasteride Combination (TADFIN ?? ) for the administration of tadalafil 5mg and finasteride 5mg combination formulation dosed daily for benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). Tadalafil (CIALIS ?? ) is currently approved for treatment of BPH and erectile dysfunction and finasteride is currently approved for treatment of BPH (finasteride 5mg PROSCAR ?? ) and male pattern hair loss (finasteride 1mg PROPECIA ?? ). The co-administration of tadalafil and finasteride has been shown to be more effective for the treatment of BPH than by finasteride alone. The Company had a successful pre-NDA meeting with the FDA and the expected submission of the NDA for TADFIN is the fourth quarter of calendar year 2020 or early 2021. Veru is also developing Tamsulosin XR capsules which is a formulation of tamsulosin, the active ingredient in FLOMAX ??, which Veru has designed to avoid the ?€?food effect?€? inherent in currently marketed formulations of the drug, allowing for potentially safer administration and improved patient compliance. The Company?€?s commercial products include the FC2 Female Condom / FC2 Internal Condom ?? (?€?FC2?€?), an FDA-approved product for the dual protection against unwanted pregnancy and the transmission of sexually transmitted infections, and the PREBOOST ?? 4% benzocaine medicated individual wipe for the treatment of premature ejaculation. The Company?€?s Female Health Company Division markets and sells FC2 commercially and in the public health sector both in the U.S. and globally. In the U.S., FC2 is available by prescription through multiple third-party telemedicine and internet pharmacy providers and retail pharmacies. In the global public health sector, the Company markets FC2 to entities, including ministries of health, government health agencies, U.N. agencies, nonprofit organizations and commercial partners, that work to support and improve the lives, health and well-being of women around the world. PREBOOST ?? is marketed through online sales in the U.S. under the Roman Swipes brand name by Roman, the digital men?€?s health clinic. Roman offers online treatment for a variety of men?€?s health conditions.
Vertex Inc Cl A
Vericity Inc
Vermilion Energy Inc. (Vermilion), is engaged in the business of oil and natural gas exploitation, development, acquisition and production in Australia, Canada, France, Ireland and the Netherlands. As of December 31, 2011, Vermilion holds an average working interest of 68.5% in 395,616 (271,067 net) acres of developed land, 582 (396 net) producing natural gas wells and 319 (198 net) producing oil wells in Canada. Vermilion holds an 83.6% working interest in 193,017 acres of developed land in the Aquitaine and Paris Basins. Vermilion's Netherlands assets consist of eight onshore concessions and one offshore concession located in the northern part of the country. In October 2013, Vermilion Energy Inc, through its wholly owned subsidiary acquired Northern Petroleum Nederland B.V.
Founded in 1899, VF Corporation is one of the world?€?s largest apparel, footwear and accessories companies connecting people to the lifestyles, activities and experiences they cherish most through a family of iconic outdoor, active and workwear brands including Vans??, The North Face??, Timberland?? and Dickies??. Our purpose is to power movements of sustainable and active lifestyles for the betterment of people and our planet. We connect this purpose with a relentless drive to succeed to create value for all stakeholders and use our company as a force for good.
national, Inc. Village Farms is one of the largest and longest-operating vertically integrated greenhouse growers in North America and the only publicly traded greenhouse produce company in Canada. Village Farms produces and distributes fresh, premium-quality produce with consistency 365 days a year to national grocers in the U.S. and Canada from more than nine million square feet of Controlled Environment Agriculture (CEA) greenhouses in British Columbia and Texas, as well as from its partner greenhouses in British Columbia, Ontario and Mexico. The Company is now leveraging its 30 years of experience as a vertically integrated grower for the rapidly emerging global cannabis opportunity through its 50% ownership of British Columbia-based Pure Sunfarms Corp., one of the single largest cannabis growing operations in the world. The Company also intends to pursue opportunities to become a vertically integrated leader in the U.S. hemp-derived CBD market, subject to compliance with all applicable U.S. federal and state laws. Village Farms has established a joint venture, Village Fields Hemp, for multi-state outdoor hemp cultivation and CBD extraction and plans to pursue controlled environment hemp production at its Texas greenhouse operations, which total 5.7 million square feet of production area, subject to legalization of hemp in Texas.
Vonage, a global cloud communications leader, helps businesses accelerate their digital transformation. Vonage's Communications Platform is fully programmable and allows for the integration of Video, Voice, Chat, Messaging and Verification into existing products, workflows and systems. Vonage's fully programmable unified communications and contact center applications are built from the Vonage platform and enable companies to transform how they communicate and operate from the office or anywhere, providing enormous flexibility and ensuring business continuity. Vonage Holdings Corp. is headquartered in New Jersey, with offices throughout the United States, Europe, Israel, Australia and Asia. To follow Vonage on Twitter, please visit www.twitter.com/vonage. To become a fan on Facebook, go to facebook.com/vonage. To subscribe on YouTube, visit youtube.com/vonage. SOURCE Vonage Related Links www.vonage.com
VG Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Vector Group is a holding company for Liggett Group LLC, Vector Tobacco Inc., New Valley LLC, and Douglas Elliman Realty, LLC.
Vista Gold Corp. (Vista) is engaged in the evaluation, acquisition, exploration and advancement of gold exploration and potential development projects. The Company's holdings include the Mt. Todd gold project in Australia; the Guadalupe de los Reyes gold/silver project in Mexico; the Concordia gold project in Mexico; the Awak Mas gold project in Indonesia; the Long Valley gold project in California, and mining claims in Utah. In October 2013, the Company announced that it has sold the Los Cardones gold project in Baja California Sur, Mexico, to the Invecture Group (Invecture) and RPG Structured Finance S.a r.l.
VirnetX Holding Corporation, is engaged in the business of commercializing a portfolio of patents. The Company seeks to license its technology, including GABRIEL Connection Technology, to various original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, that use its technologies in the development and manufacturing of their own products within the IP-telephony, mobility, fixed-mobile convergence and unified communications markets. As of December 31, 2012, the Company owned 20 issued U.S. and 32 issued foreign patents, in addition to several pending U.S. and foreign patent applications. On January 29, 2013, the Company entered into a License Agreement with Siemens Enterprise Communications GmbH & Co. KG, and Siemens Enterprise Communications Inc.
Valhi, Inc. is a holding company. It operates in three segments: Chemicals, Component Products and Waste Management. The Company's chemicals segment is operated through Kronos Worldwide, Inc., which is a global producer and marketer of titanium dioxide pigment (TiO2). The Company operates in the component products industry through its majority control of CompX International Inc. Waste Control Specialists LLC is the Company's subsidiary, which operates a West Texas facility for the processing, treatment, storage and disposal of a range of low-level radioactive, hazardous, toxic and other wastes. The Company operates through its wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries, including NL Industries, Inc., Kronos Worldwide, Inc., CompX International Inc. and Waste Control Specialists LLC (WCS). In July of 2011, CompX International Inc. acquired 100% of the stock of a Canadian ergonomic component products company.
ViacomCBS is a leading global media and entertainment company that creates premium content and experiences for audiences worldwide. Driven by iconic consumer brands, its portfolio includes CBS, Showtime Networks, Paramount Pictures, Nickelodeon, MTV, Comedy Central, BET, CBS All Access, Pluto TV and Simon & Schuster, among others. The company delivers the largest share of the U.S. television audience and boasts one of the industry?€?s most important and extensive libraries of TV and film titles. In addition to offering innovative streaming services and digital video products, ViacomCBS provides powerful capabilities in production, distribution and advertising solutions for partners on five continents.
ViacomCBS is a leading global media and entertainment company that creates premium content and experiences for audiences worldwide. Driven by iconic consumer brands, its portfolio includes CBS, Showtime Networks, Paramount Pictures, Nickelodeon, MTV, Comedy Central, BET, CBS All Access, Pluto TV and Simon & Schuster, among others. The company delivers the largest share of the U.S. television audience and boasts one of the industry?€?s most important and extensive libraries of TV and film titles. In addition to offering innovative streaming services and digital video products, ViacomCBS provides powerful capabilities in production, distribution and advertising solutions for partners on five continents.
VIA optronics AG
Viavi Solutions Inc. engages in the network enablement, service enablement, and communications and commercial optical products businesses. The company??s Network Enablement segment provides an integrated portfolio of testing solutions that access the network to perform build out and maintenance tasks. This segment??s solutions include instruments, software, and services to design, build, turn-up, certify, troubleshoot, and optimize networks. Its Service Enablement segment offers embedded systems and enterprise performance management solutions for global service providers, enterprises, and cloud operators. These solutions primarily consist of instruments, microprobes, and software, which monitor, collect, and analyze network data to reveal the actual customer experience and to identify opportunities for new revenue streams and network optimization. The company??s Communications and Commercial Optical Products segment provides optical components, modules, subsystems, and solutions for telecom and data communications, network equipment manufacturers, and traditional and cloud/data center service providers. This segment??s transmission products primarily consist of optical transceivers, optical transponders, and their supporting components, such as modulators and source lasers; and transport products comprise modules or sub-systems containing optical amplifiers, reconfigurable optical add/drop multiplexers or wavelength selective switches, optical channel monitors, and their supporting components. The company was formerly known as JDS Uniphase Corporation and changed its name to Viavi Solutions Inc. in August 2015. Viavi Solutions Inc. was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Milpitas, California.
VICI Properties Inc
Vicor Corporation designs, develops, manufactures, and markets modular power components and complete power systems based upon a portfolio of patented technologies. Headquartered in Andover, Massachusetts, Vicor sells its products to the power systems market, including enterprise and high performance computing, industrial equipment and automation, telecommunications and network infrastructure, vehicles and transportation, and aerospace and defense electronics.
Viela Bio Inc
VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings - Class A
VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/2 War)
VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings - Warrants (01/01/9999)
Viomi Technology Company. Ltd
Vipshop Holdings Limited is a leading online discount retailer for brands in China. Vipshop offers high quality and popular branded products to consumers throughout China at a significant discount to retail prices. Since it was founded in August 2008, the Company has rapidly built a sizeable and growing base of customers and brand partners.
Vir Biotechnology Inc
Virco Mfg. Corporation (Virco) is engaged in designing, producing and distributing furniture for a diverse family of customers. . The Company manufactures an assortment of products, including mobile tables, mobile storage equipment, desks, computer furniture, chairs, activity tables, folding chairs and folding tables. Additionally, Virco has worked with designers to develop additional products for contemporary applications. These include the ZUMA and the TEXT, and Parameter furniture collections, as well as Metaphor and I.Q. Series items for educational settings; Ph.D. and Ph.D. executive seating lines; and Plateau Series. The Company also provides a variety of products for preschool markets and has recently developed products that are targeted for college, university, and corporate learning center environments.
The Fund employs a ?€?passive management?€? (or indexing) investment approach designed to track the total return performance, before fees and expenses, of the Index. The Index is based on a proprietary methodology developed by??LifeSci Index Partners, LLC,??the Fund?€?s Index Provider (the ?€?Index Provider?€?), which is not affiliated with the Fund, its distributor, or Pacer Advisors, Inc., the Fund?€?s investment adviser (the ?€?Adviser?€?).The IndexThe Index is generally composed of U.S.-listed stocks of companies whose products or services help protect against, endure, or recover from biological threats to human health.??Companies helping to protect against such threats include those that conduct research to identify or anticipate such threats and those developing or producing the tools necessary to detect them. Companies helping to endure biological threats include those offering goods or services to help individuals, organizations, businesses, and governments adapt to requirements for social distancing or remote connectivity. Such companies may reflect a variety of industries, ranging from the provision of consumer staples that may be stockpiled in an emergency to critical healthcare supplies to basic energy resources.  Companies helping to recover from a biological threat include those that support the treatment of diseases or responses to chemical or biological attacks. The Index selects companies based on a proprietary, multi-step research process.  First, the Index Provider conducts fundamental research to identify the most important current and emerging biological threats to human health. Such threats may include pandemic diseases, biological warfare, food and water safety, environmental safety, and natural disasters.Next, the Index Provider utilizes publicly available information such as financial reports and screens, corporate websites, news reports, and interviews with key opinion leaders to identify publicly traded companies which protect against and prepare for recovering from these threats. These companies have products, technologies, and services that seek to:?€?research or combat pandemic diseases such as the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), Zika, H1N1, Ebola, avian flu, and MERS;?€?combat agents of biological or chemical warfare such as anthrax, sarin gas, variola virus, and brucellosis;?€?detect the presence of biological or chemical threats;?€?enable social distancing and increased productivity for working and shopping at home;?€?secure national borders and ports and strengthen homeland security;?€?aid in stockpiling of products in times of natural disasters and disease outbreaks, such as canned foods, power sources, consumer first aid kits, anti-microbial agents, gas masks, and sterilization supplies and services; and?€?test and improve food and water safety and purity.Finally, the Index Provider only includes those companies with a minimum market capitalization of $1 billion and a minimum average daily value traded for the last six moths of at least $2 million. Index components are weighted based on their market capitalization, subject to a maximum weight of 4.9% at the time of rebalance. The Index is reconstituted (i.e., components are added or removed and weights are reset based on the Index methodology) on the third??Friday of each January and rebalanced (i.e., weights are reset based on the Index methodology, but no components are added or removed) semi-annually as of the close of business on the third??Friday of each January and July. The weights are fixed as of closing prices on the second Friday in each January and July. As of May 31, 2020, the Index was made up of??45??companies and included significant allocations to companies in the health care and industrial sectors.The Fund?€?s Investment StrategyThe Fund attempts to invest all, or substantially all, of its assets in the component securities that make up the Index.??Under normal circumstances, at least 80% of the Fund?€?s total assets (exclusive of collateral held from securities lending) will be invested in the component securities of the Index. The Adviser expects that, over time, the correlation between the Fund?€?s performance and that of the Index, before fees and expenses, will be 95% or better.The Fund will generally use a ?€?replication?€? strategy to achieve its investment objective, meaning it will invest in all of the component securities of the Index in the same approximate proportion as in the Index. However, the Fund may use a ?€?representative sampling?€? strategy, meaning it may invest in a sample of the securities in the Index whose risk, return and other characteristics closely resemble the risk, return and other characteristics of the Index as a whole, when the Adviser believes it is in the best interests of the Fund (e.g., when replicating the Index involves practical difficulties or substantial costs, an Index constituent becomes temporarily illiquid, unavailable, or less liquid, or as a result of legal restrictions or limitations that apply to the Fund but not to the Index).The Fund generally may invest up to 20% of its total assets (exclusive of any collateral held from securities lending) in securities or other investments not included in the Index, but which the Adviser believes will help the Fund track the Index. For example, the Fund may invest in securities that are not components of the Index to reflect various corporate actions and other changes to the Index (such as reconstitutions, additions, and deletions).The Fund is non-diversified and therefore may invest a larger percentage of its assets in the securities of a single company than diversified funds.??To the extent the Index concentrates (i.e., holds more than 25% of its total assets) in the securities of a particular industry or group of related industries, the Fund will concentrate its investments to approximately the same extent as the Index. As of May 31, 2020, the Index was not concentrated in any industry or group of industries.
Virtu is a leading provider of financial services and products that leverages cutting-edge technology to deliver liquidity to the global markets and innovative, transparent trading solutions to its clients. Leveraging its global market making expertise and infrastructure, Virtu provides a robust product suite including offerings in execution, liquidity sourcing, analytics and broker-neutral, multi-dealer platforms in workflow technology. Virtu?€?s product offerings allow clients to trade on hundreds of venues across 50+ countries and in multiple asset classes, including global equities, ETFs, foreign exchange, futures, fixed income and myriad other commodities. In addition, Virtu?€?s integrated, multi-asset analytics platform provides a range of pre and post-trade services, data products and compliance tools that clients rely upon to invest, trade and manage risk across global markets.
Vislink is a global technology business specializing in the collection, delivery, and management of high quality, live video and associated data from the scene of the action to the viewing screen. For the broadcast markets, Vislink provides solutions for the collection of live news, sports, and entertainment events. Vislink also furnishes the surveillance and defense markets with real-time video intelligence solutions using a variety of tailored transmission products. The Vislink team also provides professional and technical services utilizing a staff of technology experts with decades of applied knowledge and real-world experience to the areas of a terrestrial microwave, satellite, fiber optic, surveillance, and wireless communications systems, to deliver a broad spectrum of customer solutions.
VIST FINANCIAL CORP
Vital Farms, a Certified B Corporation, offers a range of ethically produced pasture-raised foods nationwide. Started on a single farm in Austin, Texas, in 2007, Vital Farms is the leading U.S. brand of pasture-raised eggs and butter by retail dollar sales. Vital Farms' ethics are exemplified by its focus on the humane treatment of farm animals and sustainable farming practices. In addition, as a Delaware Public Benefit Corporation, Vital Farms also prioritizes the long-term benefits of each of its stakeholders, including farmers and suppliers, customers and consumers, communities and the environment, and crew members and stockholders. Vital Farms' pasture-raised products, including shell eggs, butter, hard-boiled eggs, ghee, egg bites and liquid whole eggs, are sold in more than 16,000 stores nationwide. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains ?€?forward-looking?€? statements, as that term is defined under the federal securities laws.
Telef??nica Brasil S.A. provides fixed-line telecommunications services to residential and corporate customers in Brazil. The company offers voice services, including activation, monthly subscription, public telephones, and measured services; intraregional, interregional, and international long-distance voice services; data services comprising broadband services; mobile value added services; and Pay TV services through direct to home satellite technology, IPTV, and cable. It also provides network services, such as rental of facilities; other services comprising Internet access, private network connectivity, computer equipment leasing, extended service, detects, voice mail and cellular blocker, and others; and digital services, such as financial services, machine-to-machine operations, e-health solutions, security, video, and advertising. In addition, the company offers multimedia communication services, which include audio, data, voice and other sounds, images, texts, and other information; and interconnection services, as well as sells wireless devices and accessories. Further, it provides telecommunications solutions and IT support to various industries, such as retail, manufacturing, services, financial institutions, government, etc. Telef??nica Brasil S.A. offers its solutions through its stores, dealers, retail channels, telemarketing call centers, and an online store, as well as physical channels, including door-to-door and person-to-person sales. The company was formerly known as Telecomunica????es de S??o Paulo S.A. ?? TELESP and changed its name to Telef??nica Brasil S.A. in October 2011. Telef??nica Brasil S.A. is headquartered in S??o Paulo, Brazil.

Meridian is a fully integrated life science company that develops, manufactures, markets and distributes a broad range of innovative diagnostic products. We are dedicated to developing and delivering better solutions that give answers with speed, accuracy and simplicity that are redefining the possibilities of life from discovery to diagnosis. Through discovery and development, we provide critical life science raw materials used in immunological and molecular tests for human, animal, plant, and environmental applications. Through diagnosis, we provide diagnostic solutions in areas including gastrointestinal and upper respiratory infections and blood lead level testing. We build relationships and provide solutions to hospitals, reference laboratories, research centers, veterinary testing centers, physician offices, diagnostics manufacturers, and biotech companies in more than 70 countries around the world. Meridian?€?s shares are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, symbol VIVO. Meridian?€?s website address is www.meridianbioscience.com.
Voxeljet AG is a Germany-based company engaged in manufacture and sales of three-dimensional (3D) printers. The Company's offer is aimed at industrial companies active in fields such as aerospace, automotive, engineering, architecture, science, medicine, art, film and entertainment. The Company is divided in two business areas: voxeljet SYSTEMS and voxeljet SERVICES. Voxeljet SYSTEMS offers development, production and distribution of five printing systems: VX200, VX500, VXC800, VX1000 and VX4000. 3D models are created by layered application of a particle material that is selectively bonded. Voxeljet SERVICES operates a 3D printing service centre for on-demand production of metal-casting moulds and models. The centre offers 3D printers with a print volume of 200,000 liters per month. Additionally, the Company offers mould design, casting services and post-processing of models, and sales used equipment. Voxeljet AG operates one production plant in Augsburg, Germany.
Viking Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel, orally available, first-in-class or best-in-class therapies for the treatment of metabolic and endocrine disorders. Viking's research and development activities leverage its expertise in metabolism to develop innovative therapeutics designed to improve patients' lives. The company's clinical programs include VK2809, a novel, orally available, small molecule selective thyroid hormone receptor beta agonist for the treatment of lipid and metabolic disorders, which is currently being evaluated in a Phase??2b??study for the treatment of biopsy-confirmed non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and fibrosis. In a Phase 2 trial for the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and elevated LDL-C, patients who received VK2809 demonstrated statistically significant reductions in LDL-C and liver fat content compared with patients who received placebo. The company is also developing VK0214, a novel, orally available, small molecule selective thyroid hormone receptor beta agonist for the potential treatment of X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy (X-ALD). VK0214 is currently being evaluated in a Phase 1 first-in-human clinical trial. The company holds exclusive worldwide rights to a portfolio of five therapeutic programs, including those noted above, which are based on small molecules licensed from Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated.

DELISTED - Graf Industrial Corp. is a special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination. GRAF began trading on the NYSE in??October 2018??and its common stock, units and warrants trade under the ticker symbols GRAF, GRAF.U and GRAF WS, respectively. GRAF's website is www.grafacq.com. About Velodyne Lidar, Inc. Velodyne Lidar is a global leader in lidar technology providing real-time 3D vision for autonomous systems thereby empowering the autonomous revolution by allowing machines to see their surroundings. Its lidar-based smart vision solutions are well known in the automotive industry, but also deployed in many nonautomotive applications, such as last-mile delivery, autonomous mobile robots, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), advanced security systems, and smart city initiatives. Velodyne's website is www.velodyne.com. Forward Looking Statements Certain statements made in this release are "forward looking statements" within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Velodyne Lidar Inc Warrant
Village Super Market, Inc. (Village) operated a chain of 26 ShopRite supermarkets, 18 of which are located in northern New Jersey, eight in southern New Jersey, two in Maryland and one in northeastern Pennsylvania. The Company is a member of Wakefern Food Corporation (Wakefern), the retailer-owned food cooperative and owner of the ShopRite name. The stores enables the Company superstores to provide margin specialty departments, such as home meal replacement, an on-site bakery, an expanded delicatessen, including prepared foods, a range of natural and organic foods, ethnic and international foods and seafood section. On July 7, 2011, it acquired the store fixtures, leases and pharmacy lists of locations in Silver Spring and Timonium, Maryland from SuperFresh. It opened the Maryland stores as ShopRites on July 28, 2011. On January 29, 2012, Village acquired the store fixtures, lease and other assets of the ShopRite in Old Bridge, New Jersey (40,000 square feet).
Valero Energy Corporation, through its subsidiaries (collectively, ?€?Valero?€?), is an international manufacturer and marketer of transportation fuels and petrochemical products. Valero is a Fortune 50 company based in San Antonio, Texas, and it operates 15 petroleum refineries with a combined throughput capacity of approximately 3.2 million barrels per day and 14 ethanol plants with a combined production capacity of approximately 1.73 billion gallons per year. The petroleum refineries are located in the United States (U.S.), Canada and the United Kingdom (U.K.), and the ethanol plants are located in the Mid-Continent region of the U.S. Valero also is a joint venture partner in Diamond Green Diesel, which operates a renewable diesel plant in Norco, Louisiana. Diamond Green Diesel is North America?€?s largest biomass-based diesel plant. Valero sells its products in the wholesale rack or bulk markets in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Ireland and Latin America. Approximately 7,000 outlets carry Valero?€?s brand names.
Controladora Vuela Compania de Aviacion SAB de CV (Volaris Aviation Holding Company) is a Mexico-based company principally engaged in the airline passenger transportation industry. The Company is a law-cost carrier airline. Controladora Vuela Compania de Aviacion SAB de CV offers direct, point-to-point flights. The Company serves through secondary, lower cost airports and provides a single class of service. The Company utilizes such aircraft as the Airbus A319 and A320 families, among others. The Company has such subsidiaries as Comercializadora Volaris SA de CV, Servicios Corporativos Volaris SA de CV, Concesionaria Vuela Compania de Aviacion SAPI de CV, Deutsche Bank Mexico SA Trust 1484, among others.
As the principal subsidiary of Valley National Bancorp, Valley National Bank is a regional bank with approximately $41 billion in assets. Valley is committed to giving people and businesses the power to succeed. Valley operates many convenient branch locations across New Jersey, New York, Florida and Alabama, and is committed to providing the most convenient service, the latest innovations and an experienced and knowledgeable team dedicated to meeting customer needs. Helping communities grow and prosper is the heart of Valley?€?s corporate citizenship philosophy.
Valley National Bancorp 5.5% Fixed to Floating Rate Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock
Valley National Bancorp 6.25% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock

Vistas Media Acquisition Company Inc Unit 1 Cl A Com & 1 Wt Exp 2027
Vistas Media Acquisition Company Inc
Vulcan Materials Company is a member of the S&P 500 Index with headquarters in Birmingham, Alabama. Vulcan is the nation's largest producer of construction aggregates ?€? primarily crushed stone, sand and gravel ?€? and a major producer of aggregates-based construction materials, including asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete.
Viemed, through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries Sleep Management, L.L.C. and Home Sleep Delivered, L.L.C., is a home medical equipment supplier that provides post-acute respiratory care services in the United States. Sleep Management, L.L.C. focuses on disease management and improving the quality of life for respiratory patients through clinical excellence, education, and technology. Its service offerings are based on effective home treatment with respiratory care practitioners providing therapy and counseling to patients in their homes using cutting edge technology. Home Sleep Delivered, L.L.C. focuses on providing in-home sleep testing for sleep apnea sufferers.
Valmont ?? is a global leader, designing and manufacturing engineered products that support global infrastructure development and agricultural productivity. Its products for infrastructure serve highway, transportation, wireless communication, electric transmission, and industrial construction and energy markets. Its irrigation equipment and services for large-scale agriculture improve farm productivity while conserving fresh water resources. In addition, Valmont provides coatings services that protect against corrosion and improve the service life of steel and other metal products.
VMware software powers the world?€?s complex digital infrastructure. The company?€?s cloud, app modernization, networking, security, and digital workspace offerings help customers deliver any application on any cloud across any device. Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, VMware is committed to being a force for good, from its breakthrough technology innovations to its global impact.
Vince Holding Corp. designs, merchandises, and sells various contemporary fashion brand products in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments, Wholesale and Direct-To-Consumer. The company offers a range of women??s products, such as cashmere sweaters, silk blouses, leather and suede leggings and jackets, dresses, denims, tanks, T-shirts, pants, handbags, and outerwear; and men??s products comprising T-shirts, knit and woven tops, sweaters, denim, pants, blazers, outerwear, and leather jackets. It also provides women??s and men??s footwear, and children??s apparel products. The company sells its products directly to consumers through its branded specialty retail stores and outlet stores, as well as through Vince.com, an e-commerce platform; and to department stores and specialty stores. As of June 4, 2015, it operated 32 retail stores and 10 outlet stores, as well as VINCE.com, an e-commerce site; and sold its products to consumers at approximately 2,500 distribution locations in 42 countries. The company was formerly known as Apparel Holding Corp. and changed its name to Vince Holding Corp. in November 2013. Vince Holding Corp. was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
Vanda is a leading global biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative therapies to address high unmet medical needs and improve the lives of patients. For more on Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc., please visit www.vandapharma.com and follow us on Twitter @vandapharma.
Veoneer Inc
21Vianet Group, Inc. is a holding company. The Company is a carrier-neutral Internet data center services provider in the People's Republic of China. Its hosting and related services include managed hosting service, which dedicate data center space to house its customers' servers; interconnectivity services, which allows customers to connect their servers with Internet backbones in the People's Republic of China and other networks through its Border Gateway Protocol network; CDN Services, or content delivery network services; Cloud Infrastructure Services, also known as infrastructure as a service; and value-added services, which include firewall services, server load balancing, data backup and recovery, data center management, server management, and backup server services. In September 2012, it acquired Fastweb International Holdings.
Vornado Realty Trust (Vornado) is an integrated real estate investment trust (REIT). Vornado conducts its business through, and substantially all of its interests in properties are held by, Vornado Realty L.P., a limited partnership (the Operating Partnership). As of December 31, 2011, the Company was the sole general partner of, and owned approximately 93.5% of the common limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. Vornado operates in five business segments: New York Office Properties, Washington, DC Office Properties, Retail Properties, Merchandise Mart Properties and Toys R Us (Toys). In April 2013, it completed the sale of The Plant, a power strip shopping center in San Jose, California. In April 2013, the Company announced that the sale of a site located in the Downtown Crossing district of Boston. In October 2013, the Company sold a parcel of land known as Harlem Park located at 1800 Park Avenue (at 125th Street) in New York City.
Vornado Realty Trust Pfd S K
Vornado Realty Trust Pfd Ser L %
Vornado Realty Trust 5.25% Series M Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest liquidation preference $25.00 per share no par value per share
Viper is a limited partnership formed by Diamondback to own, acquire and exploit oil and natural gas properties in North America, with a focus on owning and acquiring mineral and royalty interests in oil-weighted basins, primarily the Permian Basin and the Eagle Ford Shale.
No Description Available
Vontier Corporation
Venator is a global manufacturer and marketer of chemical products that comprise a broad range of pigments and additives that bring color and vibrancy to buildings, protect and extend product life, and reduce energy consumption. We market our products globally to a diversified group of industrial customers through two segments: Titanium Dioxide, which consists of our TiO2 business, and Performance Additives, which consists of our functional additives, color pigments, timber treatment and water treatment businesses.  We operate 27 facilities, employ approximately 4,500 associates worldwide and sell our products in more than 110 countries.
VOC Energy Trust is a statutory trust formed by VOC Sponsor to own a term net profits interest representing the right to receive 80% of the net proceeds rom production from substantially all of the interests in oil and natural gas properties in the states of Kansas and Texas held by VOC Sponsor as of the date of the conveyance of the net profits interest to the trust. As of December 31, 2009, the Underlying Properties produced predominantly oil from approximately 892 gross (550.2 net) wells located in 193 fields and had a projected reserve life in excess of 50 years. As of December 31, 2009, the total proved reserves attributable to the Underlying Properties were 13 million barrels of oil equivalent (MMBoe), of which approximately 84% were classified as proved developed producing reserves, and approximately 92% were oil and approximately 8% were natural gas.
Vodafone is a leading technology communications company keeping society connected and building a digital future for everyone. Vodafone is focused on two scaled and differentiated regional platforms in Europe and Africa. We operate mobile and fixed networks in 22 countries and partner with mobile networks in 48 more. As at 31 March 2020 we had over 300m mobile customers, more than 27m fixed broadband customers and over 22m TV customers. We connect for a better future. We are optimistic about how technology and connectivity can enhance the future and improve people?€?s lives. Through our business, we aim to build a digital society that enhances socio-economic progress, embraces everyone and does not come at the cost of our planet. That is why we have committed to improve one billion lives and halve our environmental impact by 2025.
Volt Information Sciences, Inc. provides staffing services, and telecommunications and information solutions. The Company is organized in two businesses: Staffing Services and Telecommunications and Information Solutions. Staffing services segment provides a range of employee staffing services to a range of customers throughout North America, Europe and Asia/Pac, and has expanded operations in Latin America. Telecommunications services provide telecommunications and other services, including design, engineering, construction, installation, maintenance and removal of telecommunications equipment for the outside plant and central offices of telecommunications and cable companies. In September 2008, the Company sold the net assets of its DataNational and Directory Systems divisions.
VOXX International Corporation?? has grown into a worldwide leader in??Automotive Electronics??and Consumer Electronics, with emerging Biometrics technology to capitalize on the increased need for advanced security. Over the past several decades, with a portfolio of approximately 35 trusted brands, VOXX has built market-leading positions in in-vehicle entertainment, automotive security, reception products, a number of premium audio market segments, and more. VOXX is a global company, with an extensive distribution network that includes power retailers, mass merchandisers, 12-volt specialists and many of the world's leading automotive manufacturers.
ING U.S., Inc. is a retirement, investment and insurance company serving the financial needs of approximately 13 million individual and institutional customers in the United States. The Company offers its products and services through a group of financial intermediaries, independent producers, affiliated advisors and dedicated sales specialists throughout the United States. The Company operates its principal businesses through three business lines: Retirement Solutions, Investment Management and Insurance Solutions. In addition, it also has closed Blocks and corporate reporting segments. Closed Blocks consists of three businesses where it has placed its portfolios in run-off-Closed Block Variable Annuity, Closed Block Institutional Spread Products and Closed Block Other. The Company's corporate segment includes its corporate activities and corporate-level assets and financial obligations.
Voya Financial Inc FXDFR PRF PERPETUAL USD 25 140th Int
Vishay Precision Group, Inc. is an internationally recognized designer, manufacturer and marketer of components based on its resistive foil technology; sensors; and sensor-based measurements systems specializing in the growing markets of stress, force, weight, pressure, and current measurements. VPG is a market leader of foil technology products, providing ongoing technology innovations in precision foil resistors and foil strain gages, which are the foundation of the company?€?s force sensors products and its weighing and control systems. The product portfolio consists of a variety of well-established brand names recognized for precision and quality in the marketplace.
Vera Bradley, Inc. operates two unique lifestyle brands ?€? Vera Bradley and Pura Vida. Vera Bradley and Pura Vida are complementary businesses, both with devoted, emotionally-connected, and multi-generational female customer bases; alignment as causal, comfortable, affordable, and fun brands; positioning as ?€?gifting?€? and socially-connected brands; strong, entrepreneurial cultures; a keen focus on community, charity, and social consciousness; multi-channel distribution strategies; and talented leadership teams aligned and committed to the long-term success of their brands. Vera Bradley, based in Fort Wayne, Indiana, is a leading designer of women?€?s handbags, luggage and other travel items, fashion and home accessories, and unique gifts. Founded in 1982 by friends Barbara Bradley Baekgaard and Patricia R. Miller, the brand is known for its innovative designs, iconic patterns, and brilliant colors that inspire and connect women unlike any other brand in the global marketplace. In July 2019, Vera Bradley, Inc. acquired a 75% interest in Creative Genius, Inc., which also operates under the name Pura Vida Bracelets (?€?Pura Vida?€?). Pura Vida, based in La Jolla, California, is a rapidly growing, digitally native, and highly engaging lifestyle brand founded in 2010 by friends Paul Goodman and Griffin Thall. Pura Vida has a differentiated and expanding offering of bracelets, jewelry, and other lifestyle accessories. The Company has three reportable segments: Vera Bradley Direct (?€?VB Direct?€?), Vera Bradley Indirect (?€?VB Indirect?€?), and Pura Vida. The VB Direct business consists of sales of Vera Bradley products through Vera Bradley full-line and factory outlet stores in the United States, verabradley.com, the Vera Bradley online outlet site, and the Vera Bradley annual outlet sale in Fort Wayne, Indiana. The VB Indirect business consists of sales of Vera Bradley products to approximately 2,100 specialty retail locations throughout the United States, as well as select department stores, national accounts, third party e-commerce sites, and third-party inventory liquidators, and royalties recognized through licensing agreements related to the Vera Bradley brand. The Pura Vida segment consists of sales of Pura Vida products through the Pura Vida websites, www.puravidabracelets.com, www.puravidabracelets.eu, and www.puravidabracelets.ca, and through the distribution of its products to wholesale retailers.
ViewRay, Inc., designs, manufactures and markets the MRIdian radiation therapy system. MRIdian is built upon a proprietary high-definition MR imaging system designed from the ground up to address the unique challenges and clinical workflow for advanced radiation oncology. Unlike MR systems used in diagnostic radiology, MRIdian's high-definition MR was purpose built to address specific challenges, including beam distortion, skin toxicity, and other concerns that potentially may arise when high magnetic fields interact with radiation beams. ViewRay and MRIdian are registered trademarks of ViewRay, Inc. ViewRay is a medical device manufacturer and cannot and does not recommend specific treatment approaches. Individual results may vary. The results described herein may not be predictive Conflicts of Interest: Anna M.E. Bruynzeel??has received honoraria from ViewRay, Inc. outside of the scope of these studies and has served on the advisory board of ViewRay, Inc.??Frank J. Lagerwaard and Miguel A. Palacios have received honoraria from Viewray, Inc.??outside of the scope of these studies. Suresh Senan??has received research grants from ViewRay, Inc.??Berend J. Slotman??has received research grants and honoraria from ViewRay Inc.
Verrica is a dermatology therapeutics company developing medications for skin diseases requiring medical interventions. The Company?€?s late-stage product candidate, VP-102, is a potential first-in-class drug-device combination product containing a topical therapy for the treatment of molluscum contagiosum. In addition, Verrica has successfully completed a Phase 2 study of VP-102 for the treatment of common warts and a Phase 2 study of VP-102 for the treatment of external genital warts. The Company is also developing VP-103, its third cantharidin-based product candidate, for the treatment of plantar warts. Verrica submitted an NDA for VP-102 for the treatment of molluscum in September 2019. A Complete Response Letter was received from the FDA regarding the NDA for VP-102 on July 13, 2020. In October 2020, Verrica participated in a Type A meeting with the FDA. Verrica expects to resubmit its New Drug Application for VP-102 for the treatment of molluscum in the first quarter of 2021. If approved, VP-102 will be marketed in the United States under the conditionally accepted brand name YCANTH???.
Varex Imaging Corporation is a leading innovator, designer and manufacturer of X-ray imaging components, which include X-ray tubes, digital detectors and other image processing solutions that are key components of X-ray imaging systems. With a 70+ year history of successful innovation, Varex?€?s products are used in medical imaging as well as in industrial and security imaging applications. Global OEM manufacturers incorporate Varex?€?s X-ray sources, digital detectors, connecting devices and imaging software in their systems to detect, diagnose, protect and inspect. Headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah, Varex employs approximately 2,000 people located at manufacturing and service center sites in North America, Europe, and Asia.
Vroom Inc
VerifyMe, Inc., is a software technology solutions provider specializing in brand protection functions such as counterfeit prevention, authentication, serialization, data mining, consumer engagement and track and trace features for labels, packaging and products. VerifyMe?€?s physical technology authenticates packaging, labels and documents with a suite of proprietary security inks and pigments, which work in conjunction with our serialization and track and trace software known as VeriPAS??? that allows both consumers and brand inspectors to verify authenticity with their smartphones. VeriPAS??? is a serialization software system that brand owners access through a web portal to monitor, control and protect their products complete life cycle.
VerifyMe Inc Wt Exp 2025
Verona Pharma is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing innovative therapies for the treatment of respiratory diseases with significant unmet medical needs. If successfully developed and approved, Verona Pharma?€?s product candidate, ensifentrine, has the potential to be the first therapy for the treatment of respiratory diseases that combines bronchodilator and anti-inflammatory activities in one compound. The Company is evaluating nebulized ensifentrine in its Phase 3 clinical program ENHANCE ("Ensifentrine as a Novel inHAled Nebulized COPD thErapy") for COPD maintenance treatment. The Company raised gross proceeds of $200 million through a private placement in July 2020 and expects the funds to support its operations and Phase 3 clinical program into 2023. Two additional formulations of ensifentrine are currently in Phase 2 development for the treatment of COPD: dry powder inhaler ("DPI") and pressurized metered-dose inhaler ("pMDI"). Ensifentrine is being evaluated in a pilot clinical study in patients hospitalized with COVID-19 and has potential applications in cystic fibrosis, asthma and other respiratory diseases.
Varonis Systems, Inc. provides software platform for enterprises to map, analyze, manage, and migrate their unstructured data. Its Metadata Framework technology platform extracts critical metadata, or data about data, from an organization??s IT infrastructure and uses this contextual information to map functional relationships among employees, data objects, content, and usage. The company offers DatAdvantage that captures, aggregates, normalizes, and analyzes various data access events for users on Windows and UNIX/Linux servers, storage devices, email systems, and Intranet servers; and DataPrivilege, a self-service Web portal, which enables users to request access to data necessary for their business functions, and owners to grant access without IT intervention, as well as IT and business users to make access decisions based on queries, user requests, and metadata analytics information. It also provides IDU Classification Framework that identifies and tags data based on criteria set in various metadata dimensions, and provides business and IT personnel with actionable intelligence about this data, including a prioritized list of folders and files containing sensitive data and with the inadequate permissions, as well as identifies who has access to that data, who is using it, who owns it, and recommendations for how to limit access without disrupting workflow. In addition, the company offers Data Transport Engine, an execution engine for intelligent data migration and archiving; DatAnywhere for secure hybrid cloud collaboration; and DatAnswers, which provides secure search functionality for human generated data. Further, it offers maintenance, technical support, and professional services. The company serves in the financial services, public, healthcare, industrial, energy and utilities, technology, consumer and retail, education and media, and entertainment sectors worldwide. Varonis Systems, Inc. was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
Verint?? is a global leader in Actionable Intelligence?? solutions with a focus on customer engagement optimization and cyber intelligence. Today, over 10,000 organizations in more than 180 countries?€?including over 85 percent of the Fortune 100?€?count on intelligence from Verint solutions to make more informed, effective and timely decisions.
Verra Mobility Corp
Verso Corporation is the turn-to company for those looking to successfully navigate the complexities of paper sourcing and performance. A leading North American producer of graphic and specialty papers, packaging papers and pulp, Verso provides insightful solutions that help drive improved customer efficiency, productivity, brand awareness and business results. Verso's long-standing reputation for quality and reliability is directly tied to our vision to be a company with passion that is respected and trusted by all. Verso's passion is rooted in ethical business practices that demand safe workplaces for our employees and sustainable wood sourcing for our products. This passion, combined with our flexible manufacturing capabilities and an unmatched commitment to product performance, delivery and service, make Verso a preferred choice among commercial printers, paper merchants and brokers, converters, publishers and other end users.
Verisk Analytics, Inc. (Verisk) is a provider of information about risk to professionals in insurance, healthcare, mortgage, government, supply chain, and risk management. Verisk enable risk-bearing businesses to understand and manage their risks. The Company provides its customers by supplying data that, combined with its analytic methods, creates embedded decision support solutions. Verisk organizes its business in two segments: Risk Assessment and Decision Analytics. Its Risk Assessment segment provides statistical, actuarial and underwriting data for the United States property and casualty (P&C) insurance industry. Its Decision Analytics segment provides solutions its customers use to analyze the processes of the Verisk Risk Analysis Framework: Prediction of Loss, Detection and Prevention of Fraud, and Quantification of Loss. On June 17, 2011, it acquired the net assets of Health Risk Partners, LLC. On April 27, 2011, it acquired 100% interest of Bloodhound Technologies, Inc.
Verisign, a global provider of domain name registry services and internet infrastructure, enables internet navigation for many of the world?€?s most recognized domain names. Verisign enables the security, stability, and resiliency of key internet infrastructure and services, including providing root zone maintainer services, operating two of the 13 global internet root servers, and providing registration services and authoritative resolution for the.com and.net top-level domains, which support the majority of global e-commerce.
Vertiv brings together hardware, software, analytics and ongoing services to ensure its customers?€? vital applications run continuously, perform optimally and grow with their business needs. As Architects of Continuity???, Vertiv solves the most important challenges facing today?€?s data centers, communication networks and commercial and industrial facilities with a portfolio of power, cooling and IT infrastructure solutions and services that extends from the cloud to the edge of the network. Headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, Vertiv employs approximately 20,000 people and does business in more than 130 countries.
GS Acquisition Holdings Corp. Units each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant
Virtus Investment Partners is a distinctive partnership of boutique investment managers singularly committed to the long-term success of individual and institutional investors. The company provides investment management products and services through its affiliated managers and select subadvisers, each with a distinct investment style, autonomous investment process, and individual brand. Virtus offers access to a variety of investment styles across multiple disciplines to meet a wide array of investor needs. In addition to SGA, Virtus' affiliates include Ceredex Value Advisors, Duff & Phelps Investment Management, Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management, Newfleet Asset Management, Seix Investment Advisors, Silvant Capital Management, and Virtus ETF Solutions.
Virtusa Corporation (NASDAQ GS: VRTU) is a global provider of digital business strategy, digital engineering, and information technology (IT) services and solutions that help clients change, disrupt, and unlock new value through innovation engineering. Virtusa serves Global 2000 companies in Banking, Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare, Communications, Media, Entertainment, Travel, Manufacturing, and Technology industries. Virtusa helps clients grow their business with innovative products and services that create operational efficiency using digital labor, future-proof operational and IT platforms, and rationalization and modernization of IT applications infrastructure. This is achieved through a unique approach blending deep contextual expertise, empowered agile teams, and measurably better engineering to create holistic solutions that drive business forward at unparalleled velocity enabled by a culture of cooperative disruption. About BPEA Baring Private Equity Asia (BPEA) is one of the largest and most established private alternative investment firms in Asia, with assets under management of approximately US$20 billion. The firm runs a private equity investment program, sponsoring buyouts and providing growth capital to companies for expansion or acquisitions with a particular focus on the Asia Pacific region, as well as investing in companies globally that can benefit from further expansion into the Asia Pacific region. BPEA also manages dedicated funds focused on private real estate and private credit. The firm has a 23-year history and over 190 employees located across offices in Hong Kong, China, India, Japan, Singapore, Australia, and the US. BPEA currently has over 40 portfolio companies active across Asia with a total of 224,000 employees and sales of approximately US$39 billion.
Veritiv Corporation, headquartered in Atlanta and a Fortune 500 ?? company, is a leading North American business-to-business distributor of packaging, facility solutions, print and publishing products and services. Additionally, Veritiv provides logistics and supply chain management solutions. Serving customers in a wide range of industries, Veritiv has distribution centers throughout the U.S., Canada and Mexico, and team members around the world helping shape the success of its customers.
Vertex is a global biotechnology company that invests in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases. The company has multiple approved medicines that treat the underlying cause of cystic fibrosis (CF) ?€? a rare, life-threatening genetic disease ?€? and has several ongoing clinical and research programs in CF. Beyond CF, Vertex has a robust pipeline of investigational small molecule medicines in other serious diseases where it has deep insight into causal human biology, including pain, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency and APOL1-mediated kidney diseases. In addition, Vertex has a rapidly expanding pipeline of genetic and cell therapies for diseases such as sickle cell disease, beta thalassemia, Duchenne muscular dystrophy and type 1 diabetes mellitus. Founded in 1989 in Cambridge, Mass., Vertex's global headquarters is now located in Boston's Innovation District and its international headquarters is in London, UK. Additionally, the company has research and development sites and commercial offices in North America, Europe, Australia and Latin America. Vertex is consistently recognized as one of the industry's top places to work, including 10 consecutive years on Science magazine's Top Employers list and top five on the 2019 Best Employers for Diversity list by Forbes.
Viasat is a global communications company that believes everyone and everything in the world can be connected. For more than 30 years, Viasat has helped shape how consumers, businesses, governments and militaries around the world communicate. Today, the Company is developing the ultimate global communications network to power high-quality, secure, affordable, fast connections to impact people's lives anywhere they are?€?on the ground, in the air or at sea.
VSE is an aftermarket parts and services company providing maintenance repair and overhaul (MRO) services; parts distribution; supply chain management and logistics; engineering support; and consulting and training services for vehicle fleet, marine, and aviation transportation assets to global commercial, federal and military and defense customers. VSE also provides information technology and energy technical and advisory services.
Vishay manufactures one of the world?€?s largest portfolios of discrete semiconductors and passive electronic components that are essential to innovative designs in the automotive, industrial, computing, consumer, telecommunications, military, aerospace, and medical markets. Serving customers worldwide, Vishay is The DNA of tech.??? Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. is a Fortune 1,000 Company listed on the NYSE (VSH). More on Vishay at www.vishay.com.
Vesper Healthcare Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Vistra Energy is a premier, integrated, Fortune 350 energy company based in Irving, Texas, providing essential resources for customers, commerce, and communities. Vistra combines an innovative, customer-centric approach to retail with safe, reliable, diverse, and efficient power generation. The company brings its products and services to market in 20 states and the District of Columbia, including six of the seven competitive power markets in the U.S. and markets in Canada and Japan, as well. Serving nearly 5 million residential, commercial, and industrial retail customers with electricity and gas, Vistra is the largest competitive residential electricity provider in the country and offers over 40 renewable energy plans. The company is also the largest competitive power generator in the U.S. with a capacity of approximately 39,000 megawatts powered by a diverse portfolio of natural gas, nuclear, coal, solar, and battery energy storage facilities. In addition, the company is a large purchaser of wind power. The company is currently developing the largest battery storage system of its kind in the world ?€? a 300-MW/1,200-MWh system in Moss Landing, California. Vistra is guided by four core principles: we do business the right way, we work as a team, we compete to win, and we care about our people, our neighbors, and our stakeholders.
Vistra Energy Corp. Warrants to purchase Common Stock (Expirig February 2 2024)
DELISTED - VISTA EYECARE INC
Verastem Oncology is a development-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of new medicines to improve the lives of patients diagnosed with cancer. Our pipeline is focused on novel small molecule drugs that inhibit critical signaling pathways in cancer that promote cancer cell survival and tumor growth, including RAF/MEK inhibition and focal adhesion kinase (FAK) inhibition.
Vista Outdoor is a global designer, manufacturer and marketer of consumer products in the outdoor sports and recreation markets. The company has a portfolio of well-recognized brands that provides consumers with a wide range of performance-driven, high-quality and innovative products for individual outdoor recreational pursuits. Vista Outdoor products are sold at leading retailers and distributors across North America and worldwide.
VistaGen Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing new generation medicines with potential to go beyond the standard of care for anxiety, depression and other CNS disorders. Each of VistaGen's three drug candidates has a differentiated mechanism of action, an exceptional safety profile in all clinical studies to date, and therapeutic potential in multiple CNS markets.
Houston-based Vertex Energy, Inc. is a specialty refiner of alternative feedstocks and marketer of high-purity petroleum products. Vertex is one of the largest processors of used motor oil in the U.S., with operations located in Houston and Port Arthur (TX), Marrero (LA) and Heartland (OH). Vertex also has a facility, Myrtle Grove, located on a 41-acre industrial complex along the Gulf Coast in Belle Chasse, LA, with existing hydro-processing and plant infrastructure assets, that include nine million gallons of storage. The Company has built a reputation as a key supplier of Group II+ and Group III base oils to the lubricant manufacturing industry throughout North America.
Era is one of the largest helicopter operators in the world and the longest serving helicopter transport operator in the U.S. In addition to servicing its U.S. customers, Era provides helicopters and related services to customers and third-party helicopter operators in other countries, including Brazil, Chile, Colombia, India, Mexico, Spain and Suriname. Era?€?s helicopters are primarily used to transport personnel to, from and between offshore oil and gas production platforms, drilling rigs and other installations. In addition, Era?€?s helicopters are used to perform emergency response services, firefighting, utility, VIP transport and other services. Era also provides a variety of operating lease solutions and technical fleet support to third party operators.
Ventas, an S&P 500 company, operates at the intersection of two powerful and dynamic industries ?€? healthcare and real estate. As one of the world?€?s foremost Real Estate Investment Trusts (REIT), we use the power of capital to unlock the value of real estate, partnering with leading care providers, developers, research and medical institutions, innovators and healthcare organizations whose success is buoyed by the demographic tailwind of an aging population. For more than twenty years, Ventas has followed a successful strategy that endures: combining a high-quality diversified portfolio of properties and capital sources to manage through cycles, working with industry leading partners, and a collaborative and experienced team focused on producing consistent growing cash flows and superior returns on a strong balance sheet, ultimately rewarding Ventas stakeholders. As of September 30, 2020, Ventas owned or managed through unconsolidated joint ventures approximately 1,200 properties.
Viatris Inc
Vitru Ltd
VirTra Systems, Inc. (VirTra), develops, sells and supports judgment and marksmanship firearms training systems for law enforcement, military, or civilian use. VirTra's principal products include VirTra 180 Simulator, VirTra 100 Simulator, VirTra Range Simulator, Top SME Content, Simulated Recoil, and Return Fire Device. VirTra directly markets and sells its products throughout the United States. Customers include law enforcement agencies, military agencies and commercial businesses. The Company sells simulators worldwide through a direct sales force and international distribution partners. In May 2012, the Company announced a sale of its VirTra 300 LE Simulator to Hudson County Office of Emergency Management. In February 2013, it announced the sale of a V-300, a V-180 and a V-100 to the Artemis Defense Institute in Lake Forest, California.
vTv Therapeutics Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing oral small molecule drug candidates. vTv has a pipeline of clinical drug candidates led by programs for the treatment of type 1 diabetes, Alzheimer?€?s disease, and psoriasis. vTv?€?s development partners are pursuing additional indications in type 2 diabetes, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), and genetic mitochondrial diseases.
Vuzix is a leading supplier of Smart-Glasses and Augmented Reality (AR) technologies and products for the consumer and enterprise markets. The Company's products include personal display and wearable computing devices that offer users a portable high-quality viewing experience, provide solutions for mobility, wearable displays and augmented reality. Vuzix holds 179 patents and patents pending and numerous IP licenses in the Video Eyewear field. The Company has won Consumer Electronics Show (or CES) awards for innovation for the years 2005 to 2020 and several wireless technology innovation awards among others. Founded in 1997, Vuzix is a public company with offices in Rochester, NY, Oxford, UK, and Tokyo, Japan. For more information, visit Vuzix website, Twitter and Facebook pages.
Viad Corp (Viad) provides services primarily within the exhibition and events industry and travel and recreation industry. Viad serves clients primarily in North America, the United Kingdom, Germany and the United Arab Emirates. The Company's organizes its businesses into two main operating groups: Marketing & Events Group and Travel & Recreation Group. The Marketing & Events Group specializes in all aspects of the design, planning and production of face-to-face events, immersive environments and brand-based experiences for clients, including show organizers, corporate brand marketers and retail shopping centers. The Travel & Recreation Group generates its revenues from tourism products and services, including hotel and concession operations, transportation services and package tour operations in and around Western Canada, Glacier National Park in Montana and Waterton Lakes National Park in Alberta, Canada. On March 7, 2012, Viad acquired Banff International Hotel and related assets.

Vivint Smart Home Inc. Warrants

Valvoline Inc. is a leading worldwide marketer and supplier of premium branded lubricants and automotive services, with sales in more than 140 countries. It operates and franchises approximately 1,400 quick-lube locations, and is the No. 2 chain by number of stores in the United States under the Valvoline Instant Oil Change SM brand.
Vaxart Inc

Vy Global Growth - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/4 War)
Vy Global Growth - Warrants (30/01/2030)
Voyager Therapeutics is a clinical-stage gene therapy company focused on developing life-changing treatments for severe neurological diseases. Voyager is committed to advancing the field of AAV gene therapy through innovation and investment in vector engineering and optimization, manufacturing, and dosing and delivery techniques. Voyager?€?s wholly owned and partnered pipeline focuses on severe neurological diseases for which effective new therapies are needed, including Parkinson?€?s disease, Huntington?€?s disease, Friedreich?€?s ataxia, and other severe neurological diseases.
VYNE Therapeutics' mission is to improve the lives of patients by developing proprietary, innovative and differentiated therapies in dermatology and beyond. With expertise in topical medicine innovation as a springboard, VYNE is working to develop and commercialize a variety of solutions using its proprietary Molecule Stabilizing Technology (MST???), and has received FDA approval for AMZEEQ ?? (minocycline) topical foam, 4%, the world's first topical minocycline, and for ZILXI??? (minocycline) topical foam, 1.5%, the first minocycline product of any kind to be approved by the FDA for use in rosacea.
Verizon Media, a division of Verizon Communications Inc., houses a trusted media ecosystem of premium brands like Yahoo and TechCrunch to help people stay informed and entertained, communicate and transact, while creating new ways for advertisers and media partners to connect. From XR experiences to advertising and content technology, Verizon Media is an incubator of innovation and is revolutionizing the next generation of content creation in a 5G world. About BuzzFeed BuzzFeed is the world?€?s leading tech-powered media company, with a cross-platform news and entertainment network that reaches hundreds of millions of people globally. The company produces articles, lists, quizzes, videos, original series; lifestyle content through brands including Tasty, the world?€?s largest social food network; original reporting and investigative journalism through BuzzFeed News; strategic partnerships, licensing and product development through BuzzFeed Marketing; and original productions across broadcast, cable, SVOD, film and digital platforms for BuzzFeed Studios.
Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 18 million items across home furnishings, d??cor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes - from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair - All things home, all in one place. Joss & Main - Stylish designs to discover daily. AllModern - The best of modern, priced for real life. Birch Lane - Classic home. Comfortable cost. Perigold - The widest-ever selection of luxury home furnishings. Wayfair generated $11.5 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended June 30, 2020. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 16,200 people.
Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation (Wabtec), doing business as Wabtec Corporation, is a providers of value-added, technology-based equipment and services for the global rail industry. It provides its products and services through two business segments: the Freight Group and the Transit Group, both of which have different market characteristics and business drivers. Effective November 18, 2011, Wabtec acquired Fulmer Company, a manufacturer of motor components for rail, power generation and other industrial markets. Effective November 3, 2011, Wabtec acquired Bearward Engineering, a manufacturer of cooling systems and related equipment for power generation and other industrial markets. Effective July 30, 2013, Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp acquired Turbonetics Inc, a manufacturer of turbochargers and components. Effective September 24, 2013, Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp acquired Longwood Industries Inc.
Westamerica Bancorporation is a bank holding company. The Company provides a range of banking services to individual and corporate customers in Northern and Central California through its subsidiary bank, Westamerica Bank (WAB or the Bank). The principal communities served are located in Northern and Central California, from Mendocino, Lake and Nevada Counties in the north to Kern County in the south. In addition, the Bank owns 100% of the capital stock of Community Banker Services Corporation (CBSC), which provides the Company and its subsidiaries with data processing services and other support functions. Westamerica Bank is engaged in the banking business through 95 branch offices in 21 counties in Northern and Central California. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had consolidated assets of approximately $5.0 billion, deposits of approximately $4.2 billion and shareholders' equity of approximately $560.1 million.
Washington Federal, Inc. (Washington Federal) is a bank holding company. The Company's principal subsidiary is Washington Federal, National Association (Bank), which operates 182 offices in eight western states. It obtains funds primarily through deposits from the general public, repayments of loans, borrowings and retained earnings. These funds are used to make loans to individuals and businesses, including loans for the purchase of new and existing homes, construction and land loans, and commercial real estate loans, commercial and industrial loans. On July 18, 2013, the Bank entered into a series of related Purchase and Assumption Agreements for the acquisition of deposits from Bank of America, National Association. These acquisitions represent a total of 51 branches located in Eastern Washington, Idaho, Oregon and New Mexico. On November 2, 2013, the Company acquired the New Mexico branches.
Headquartered in Beijing, China, Wah Fu Education Group Limited provides online training and exam preparation services, as well as related training materials and technology solutions for both institutions, such as universities and training institutions, and students.
With more than $30 billion in assets, Western Alliance Bancorporation is one of the country?€?s top-performing banking companies. The company has ranked in the top 10 on the Forbes ?€?Best Banks in America?€? list for five consecutive years, 2016-2020, and was named #1 best-performing of the 50 largest public U.S. banks for 2019 by S&P Global Market Intelligence. Its primary subsidiary, Western Alliance Bank, Member FDIC, helps business clients realize their ambitions with local teams of experienced bankers who deliver superior service and a full spectrum of customized loan, deposit and treasury management capabilities. Business clients also benefit from a powerful array of specialized financial services that provide strong expertise and tailored solutions for a wide variety of industries and sectors. A national presence with a regional footprint, Western Alliance Bank operates individually branded, full-service banking divisions and has offices in key markets nationwide.

Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. (the Bancorp) is a bank holding company and financial holding company. The Bancorp owns all of the outstanding common stock of The Washington Trust Company (the Bank), a Rhode Island chartered commercial bank. Through its subsidiaries, the Bancorp offers a range of financial services to individuals and businesses, including wealth management, through its offices in Rhode Island, eastern Massachusetts and Connecticut, automated teller machines (ATMs), and its Internet Website (www.washtrust.com). The Company operates in two segments: Commercial Banking and Wealth Management Services. The Bancorp also owns all of the outstanding common stock of WT Capital Trust I, WT Capital Trust II and Washington Preferred Capital Trust, special purpose finance entities formed with the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred debt securities and investing the proceeds in junior subordinated debentures of the Bancorp.
Waters Corporation, the world's leading specialty measurement company, has pioneered chromatography, mass spectrometry, and thermal analysis innovations serving the life, materials, and food sciences for more than 60 years. With more than 7,000 employees worldwide, Waters operates directly in 35 countries, including 15 manufacturing facilities, and with products available in more than 100 countries. Contact: Chris Orlando P: 508-468-9802 E: [email??protected] SOURCE Frost & Sullivan Related Links www.frost.com
Energous Corporation is the global leader of Wireless Charging 2.0 technology. Its award-winning WattUp?? solution is the only technology that supports both contact and distance charging through a fully compatible ecosystem. Built atop fast, efficient and highly scalable RF-based charging technology, WattUp is positioned to offer substantial improvements over older, first generation coil-based charging technologies in power, efficiency, foreign device detection, freedom of movement and overall cost for consumer electronics, medical devices, retail, military, industrial/commercial IoT, automotive, military, retail and industrial applications. Energous develops silicon-based wireless power transfer (WPT) technologies and customizable reference designs, and provides worldwide regulatory assistance, a reliable supply chain, quality assurance, and sales and technical support to global customers. The company received the world?€?s first FCC Part 18 certification for at-a-distance wireless charging and has been awarded 227 patents for its WattUp wireless charging technology to-date.
Weibo is a leading social media for people to create, share, and discover content online. Weibo combines the means of public self-expression in real time with a powerful platform for social interaction, content aggregation, and content distribution. Any user can create and post a feed and attach multi-media and long-form content. User relationships on Weibo may be asymmetric; any user can follow any other user and add comments to a feed while reposting. This simple, asymmetric, and distributed nature of Weibo allows an original feed to become a live viral conversation stream. Weibo enables its advertising and marketing customers to promote their brands, products, and services to users. Weibo offers a wide range of advertising and marketing solutions to companies of all sizes. The Company generates a substantial majority of its revenues from the sale of advertising and marketing services, including the sale of social display advertisement and promoted marketing offerings. Designed with a "mobile first" philosophy, Weibo displays content in a simple information feed format and offers native advertisement that conform to the information feed on our platform. To support the mobile format, Weibo has developed and is continuously refining its social interest graph recommendation engine, which enables its customers to perform people marketing and target audiences based on user demographics, social relationships, interests, and behaviors, to achieve greater relevance, engagement, and marketing effectiveness.
Walgreens ( www.walgreens.com ) is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., a global leader in retail and wholesale pharmacy. As America?€?s most loved pharmacy, health and beauty company, Walgreens purpose is to champion the health and wellbeing of every community in America. Operating more than 9,000 retail locations across America, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, Walgreens is proud to be a neighborhood health destination serving approximately 8 million customers each day. Walgreens pharmacists play a critical role in the U.S. healthcare system by providing a wide range of pharmacy and healthcare services. To best meet the needs of customers and patients, Walgreens offers a true omnichannel experience, with platforms bringing together physical and digital, supported by the latest technology to deliver high-quality products and services in local communities nationwide. * As compared to national omni-channel food and pharmacy mass retailers that offer store pick-up free-of-charge. ** For Walgreens store locations that are not open 24 hours, orders must be placed at least one hour prior to store closing in order to be eligible. Otherwise, order will be ready the following business day. Customer will be notified via email when order is ready for pickup and will be provided instructions for a drive-up experience that complies with social distancing guidelines. Orders are not guaranteed to be ready within the 30-minute time window and may be subject to change or substitution depending on product availability at the time order is placed. Orders with age-restricted items may only be picked up in store. Prescription orders not eligible but may be ordered through Walgreens Express??. To find the location and hours of a Walgreens store near you, visit Walgreens.com/FindAStore.
500.com Limited is a leading online sports lottery service provider in China. The Company offers a comprehensive and integrated suite of online lottery services, information, user tools and virtual community venues to its users. 500.com was among the first companies to provide online lottery services in China, and is one of two entities that have been approved by the Ministry of Finance to provide online lottery sales services on behalf of the China Sports Lottery Administration Center, which is the government authority that is in charge of the issuance and sale of sports lottery products in China.
Westpac Banking Corporation provides a range of financial products and services in Australia, New Zealand, and internationally. The company offers personal banking products and services, such as savings and transaction accounts, and term deposits; debit, credit, and travel cards; home loans; personal loans, car loans, and overdraft facilities; various insurance products; superannuation and retirement products; and investment products comprising share trading, financial planning, managed funds, managed accounts, investment loans, and wrap products, as well as provides emergency cash, online, telephone banking, ATMs, travel center, private banking, financial education, financial advice assistance, and foreign exchange historical rates services. It also offers business banking products, including bank accounts, and farm management and business term deposits; business credit cards; vehicle and equipment finance, business loans, business overdrafts, and agribusiness loans; merchant services; business and farm insurance; and international trade solutions, including foreign exchange, cash flow management, export and import services, and trade finance products. In addition, the company provides corporate banking services, such as debt market solutions comprising debt capital products, loans, bonds, structured and asset finance, fixed interest and debt securities, and interest rate derivatives; transaction banking solutions; commercial cards; commodities, carbon, and energy products; and investing solutions consisting of fund management, corporate superannuation, and managed investments. It serves consumers, small-to-medium enterprises, corporates, and commercial and agribusiness customers, as well as institutional, government, and retail customers. The company was formerly known as Bank of New South Wales and changed its name to Westpac Banking Corporation in October 1982. Westpac Banking Corporation was founded in 1817 and is headquartered in Sydney, Australia.
Webster Financial Corporation operates as the bank and financial holding company for Webster Bank, National Association that provides financial services to individuals, families, and businesses in the United States. It operates through three segments: Commercial Banking, Community Banking, and Other. The Commercial Banking segment provides lending, deposit, and cash management services to middle market companies; and asset-based lending, commercial real estate, and equipment finance, as well as treasury and payment services, which include government and institutional banking. The Community Banking segment offers deposit and fee-based services, residential mortgages, home equity lines/loans, unsecured consumer loans, and credit cards, as well as investment and securities-related services, including brokerage and investment advice through a strategic partnership with LPL Financial. This segment also provides insurance and investment products, including stocks and bonds, mutual funds, annuities, and managed accounts; brokerage and online investing services; and cash flow management products. It serves consumer, and business and professional service firms. The Other segment operates as a bank custodian of health savings accounts; and provides private banking services, such as asset management, trust, loan and deposit products, and financial planning services to high net worth clients, not-for-profit organizations, and business clients. The company provides various banking services through 164 banking offices; 314 ATMs; telephone banking; and mobile banking, as well as through its Internet Website. Webster Financial Corporation was founded in 1935 and is headquartered in Waterbury, Connecticut.
Webster Financial Corporation Depositary Shares Series F

WESCO International, Inc., a publicly traded FORTUNE 500?? company headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is a leading provider of business-to-business distribution, logistics services and supply chain solutions. Pro forma 2019 annual sales were over $17 billion, including Anixter International which it acquired in June 2020. WESCO offers a best-in-class product and services portfolio of Electrical and Electronic Solutions, Communications and Security Solutions, and Utility and Broadband Solutions. The company employs over 18,000 people, maintains relationships with over 30,000 suppliers, and serves more than 150,000 customers worldwide. With nearly 1.5 million products, end-to-end supply chain services, and leading digital capabilities, WESCO provides innovative solutions to meet current customer needs across commercial and industrial businesses, contractors, government agencies, institutions, telecommunications providers, and utilities. WESCO operates nearly 800 branch and warehouse locations in over 50 countries, providing a local presence for customers and a global network to serve multi-location businesses and multi-national corporations.
WESCO International Inc. Depositary Shares Series A
WisdomTree Trust WisdomTree Cloud Computing Fund
Waste Connections is an integrated solid waste services company that provides non-hazardous waste collection, transfer and disposal services, along with recycling and resource recovery, in mostly exclusive and secondary markets across 42 states in the U.S. and six provinces in Canada. The Company serves more than seven million residential, commercial and industrial customers. Waste Connections also provides non-hazardous oilfield waste treatment, recovery and disposal services in several basins across the U.S., as well as intermodal services for the movement of cargo and solid waste containers in the Pacific Northwest.
Walker & Dunlop, headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, is one of the largest commercial real estate finance companies in the United States. The company provides a comprehensive range of capital solutions for all commercial real estate asset classes, as well as investment sales brokerage services to owners of multifamily properties. Walker & Dunlop is included on the S&P SmallCap 600 Index and was ranked as one of FORTUNE Magazine's Fastest Growing Companies in 2014, 2017, and 2018. Walker & Dunlop's 900+ professionals in 40 offices across the nation have an unyielding commitment to client satisfaction. SOURCE Walker & Dunlop, Inc. Related Links http://www.walkerdunlop.com
Workday is a leading provider of enterprise cloud applications for finance and human resources, helping customers adapt and thrive in a changing world. Workday applications for financial management, human resources, planning, spend management, and analytics have been adopted by thousands of organizations around the world and across industries ?€? from medium-sized businesses to more than 45 percent of the Fortune 500.
Western Digital creates environments for data to thrive. As a leader in data infrastructure, the company is driving the innovation needed to help customers capture, preserve, access and transform an ever-increasing diversity of data. Everywhere data lives, from advanced data centers to mobile sensors to personal devices, our industry-leading solutions deliver the possibilities of data. Our data-centric solutions are comprised of the Western Digital ??, G-Technology ???, SanDisk ??, and WD ?? brands. ?? 2020 Western Digital Corporation or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Western Digital, the Western Digital logo, G-Technology, SanDisk, and WD are registered trademarks or trademarks of Western Digital Corporation or its affiliates in the US and/or other countries. All other marks are the property of their respective owners.
WD-40 Company is a global marketing organization dedicated to creating positive lasting memories by developing and selling products that solve problems in workshops, factories and homes around the world. The Company markets its maintenance products and homecare and cleaning products under the following well-known brands: WD-40 ??, 3-IN-ONE ??, GT85 ??, X-14 ??, 2000 Flushes ??, Carpet Fresh ??, no vac ??, Spot Shot ??, 1001 ??,??Lava ?? and Solvol ??. Headquartered in San Diego, WD-40 Company recorded net sales of $423.4 million in fiscal year 2019 and its products are currently available in more than 176 countries and territories worldwide. WD-40 Company is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select market under the ticker symbol "WDFC."
Founded in 1937, Waddell & Reed, Inc. is one of the oldest financial planning firms in the U.S., providing total planning services to clients throughout the United States through a network of independent financial advisors. It is a subsidiary of Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc..
The Fund, under normal circumstances, invests at least 80% of its net assets (plus borrowing for investment purposes) in financial instruments, such as swap agreements, securities of the Index, and exchange-traded funds ("ETFs") that track the Index and other financial instruments that provide daily leveraged exposure to the Index or to ETFs that track the Index. The financial instruments in which the Fund most commonly invests are swap agreements and futures contracts which are intended to produce economically leveraged investment results. On a day-to-day basis, the Fund is expected to hold ETFs and money market funds, deposit accounts with institutions with high quality credit ratings, and/or short-term debt instruments that have terms-to-maturity of less than 397 days and exhibit high quality credit profiles, including U.S. government securities and repurchase agreements. The Index is provided by S&P Dow Jones Indices (the ?€?Index Provider?€?) and includes companies that generate at least 50% of their annual sales/revenue from the internet as determined by the Index Provider. Additionally, each stock must have a minimum of three months?€? trading history and a three month average market capitalization of at least $100 million. The Index consists of 40 stocks that are included in two different sectors, internet commerce and internet services. Companies included in the internet commerce sector generate the majority of their sales or revenues from online retail, search, financial services, investment products, social media, advertising, travel platforms, and internet radio. Companies included in the internet services sector generate the majority of their sales or revenues from various services performed via the internet, cloud computing, enterprise software, networking capabilities, website creation tools, and digital marketing platforms. Securities that meet the above requirements are then ranked by the Index Provider based on float-adjusted market capitalization. The Index is rebalanced quarterly. As of December 31, 2019, the Index was comprised of 41 constituents which had a median total market capitalization of $12 billion, total market capitalizations ranging from $1.3 billion to $916.2 billion and were concentrated in the information technology sector. The components of the Index and the percentages represented by various sectors in the Index may change over time. The Fund will concentrate its investment in a particular industry or group of industries (i.e., hold 25% or more of its total assets in the stocks of a particular industry or group of industries) to approximately the same extent as the Index is so concentrated. The Fund may invest in the securities of the Index, a representative sample of the securities in the Index that has aggregate characteristics similar to those of the Index, an ETF that tracks the Index or a substantially similar index, and may utilize derivatives, such as swaps or futures on the Index or on an ETF that tracks the same Index or a substantially similar index, that provide leveraged exposure to the above. Derivatives are financial instruments that derive value from the underlying reference asset or assets, such as stocks, bonds, or funds (including ETFs), interest rates or indexes. Certain of the derivative instruments in which the Fund may invest may be traded in the over-the-counter market, which generally provides for less transparency than exchange-traded derivative instruments. The Fund seeks to remain fully invested at all times, consistent with its stated investment objective but may not always have investment exposure to all of the securities in the Index, or its weighting of investment exposure to securities or industries may be different from that of the Index. In addition, the Fund may invest in securities or financial instruments not included in the Index. The Fund will attempt to achieve its investment objective without regard to overall market movement or the increase or decrease of the value of the securities in the Index. At the close of the markets each trading day, Rafferty positions the Fund?€?s portfolio so that its exposure to the Index is consistent with the Fund?€?s investment objective. The impact of the Index?€?s movements during the day will affect whether the Fund?€?s portfolio needs to be re-positioned. For example, if the Index has risen on a given day, net assets of the Fund should rise, meaning that the Fund?€?s exposure will need to be increased. Conversely, if the Index has fallen on a given day, net assets of the Fund should fall, meaning the Fund?€?s exposure will need to be reduced. This re-positioning strategy typically results in high portfolio turnover. The terms ?€?daily,?€? ?€?day,?€? and ?€?trading day,?€? refer to the period from the close of the markets on one trading day to the close of the markets on the next trading day. Because of daily rebalancing and the compounding of each day?€?s return over time, the return of the Fund for periods longer than a single day will be the result of each day?€?s returns compounded over the period, which will very likely differ from 300% of the return of the Index over the same period. The Fund will lose money if the Index performance is flat over time, and as a result of daily rebalancing, the Index?€?s volatility and the effects of compounding, it is even possible that the Fund will lose money over time while the Index's performance increases over a period longer than a single day.
The Fund, under normal circumstances, invests in swap agreements, futures contracts, short positions or other financial instruments that, in combination, provide inverse (opposite) or short leveraged exposure to the Index equal to at least 80% of the Fund?€?s net assets (plus borrowing for investment purposes). On a day-to-day basis, the Fund is expected to hold money market funds, deposit accounts with institutions with high quality credit ratings, and/or short-term debt instruments that have terms-to-maturity of less than 397 days and exhibit high quality credit profiles, including U.S. government securities and repurchase agreements. The Index is provided by S&P Dow Jones Indices (the ?€?Index Provider?€?) and includes companies that generate at least 50% of their annual sales/revenue from the internet as determined by the Index Provider. Additionally, each stock must have a minimum of three months?€? trading history and a three month average market capitalization of at least $100 million. The Index consists of 40 stocks that are included in two different sectors, internet commerce and internet services. Companies included in the internet commerce sector generate the majority of their sales or revenues from online retail, search, financial services, investment products, social media, advertising, travel platforms, and internet radio. Companies included in the internet services sector generate the majority of their sales or revenues from various services performed via the internet, cloud computing, enterprise software, networking capabilities, website creation tools, and digital marketing platforms. Securities that meet the above requirements are then ranked by the Index Provider based on float-adjusted market capitalization. The Index is rebalanced quarterly. As of December 31, 2019, the Index was comprised of 41 constituents which had a median total market capitalization of $12 billion, total market capitalizations ranging from $1.3 billion to $916.2 billion and were concentrated in the information technology sector. The components of the Index and the percentages represented by various sectors in the Index may change over time. The Fund will concentrate its investment in a particular industry or group of industries (i.e., hold 25% or more of its total assets in investments that provide inverse exposure to a particular industry or group of industries) to approximately the same extent as the Index is so concentrated. The Fund may gain inverse leveraged exposure by investing in a combination of financial instruments, such as swaps or futures contracts that provide short exposure to the Index, to a representative sample of the securities in the Index that has aggregate characteristics similar to those of the Index or to an ETF that tracks the same Index or a substantially similar index, or the Fund may short securities of the Index, or short an ETF that tracks the same Index or a substantially similar index. Derivatives are financial instruments that derive value from the underlying reference asset or assets, such as stocks, bonds, or funds (including ETFs), interest rates or indexes. The Fund invests in derivatives as a substitute for directly shorting securities in order to gain inverse leveraged exposure to the Index or its components. The Fund seeks to remain fully invested at all times consistent with its stated inverse leveraged investment objective. The Fund will attempt to achieve its investment objective without regard to overall market movement or the increase or decrease of the value of the securities in the Index. At the close of the markets each trading day, Rafferty positions the Fund?€?s portfolio so that its exposure to the Index is consistent with the Fund?€?s inverse leveraged investment objective. The impact of the Index?€?s movements during the day will affect whether the Fund?€?s portfolio needs to be re-positioned. For example, if the Index has fallen on a given day, net assets of the Fund should rise, meaning that the Fund?€?s exposure will need to be increased. Conversely, if the Index has risen on a given day, net assets of the Fund should fall, meaning the Fund?€?s exposure will need to be reduced. This re-positioning strategy may result in high portfolio turnover. The terms ?€?daily,?€? ?€?day,?€? and ?€?trading day,?€? refer to the period from the close of the markets on one trading day to the close of the markets on the next trading day. Because of daily rebalancing and the compounding of each day?€?s return over time, the return of the Fund for periods longer than a single day will be the result of each day?€?s returns compounded over the period, which will very likely differ from -300% of the return of the Index over the same period. The Fund will lose money if the Index performance is flat over time, and as a result of daily rebalancing, the Index?€?s volatility and the effects of compounding, it is even possible that the Fund will lose money over time while the Index's performance decreases over a period longer than a single day.
Wisconsin Energy Corporation is a diversified holding company. The Company operates primarily through two segments: a utility energy segment and a non-utility energy segment. Its primary subsidiaries are Wisconsin Electric Power Company (Wisconsin Electric), Wisconsin Gas LLC (Wisconsin Gas) and W.E. Power, LLC (We Power). Its utility energy segment consists of Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas, operating together under the trade name of We Energies. Its non-utility energy segment derives its revenues primarily from the ownership of electric power generating facilities for long-term lease to Wisconsin Electric. Its non-utility energy segment derives its revenues primarily from the ownership of electric power generating facilities for long-term lease to Wisconsin Electric. As of December 31, 2012, the Company have a 26.2% interest in ATC.
Weidai Ltd. is a pioneer and leading auto-backed financing solution provider in China supported by sophisticated and effective risk management system and technology. The Company transforms used automobiles, a type of "non-standard" collateral, into investable assets, to provide accessible credit for China's small and micro enterprises, and connects the borrowers with institutional funding partners through its platform.
Welltower Inc. (NYSE: WELL), an S&P 500 company headquartered in Toledo, Ohio, is driving the transformation of health care infrastructure. The company invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund the real estate infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people's wellness and overall health care experience. Welltower??, a real estate investment trust ("REIT"), owns interests in properties concentrated in major, high-growth markets in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities and outpatient medical properties. More information is available at www.welltower.com.
The Wendy's Company is a quick-service restaurant company in the hamburger sandwich segment. Wendy's is primarily engaged in the business of operating, developing and franchising a system of distinctive quick-service restaurants serving food. At December 30, 2012, there were 6,186 Wendy's restaurants in operation in North America. Of these restaurants, 1,427 were operated by Wendy's and 4,759 by a total of 439 franchisees. In addition, at December 30, 2012, there were 374 franchised Wendy's restaurants in operation in 26 countries and territories other than North America. Wendy's is also a 50% partner in a Canadian restaurant real estate joint venture with Tim Hortons Inc., a quick-service restaurant chain. The joint venture owns Wendy's/Tim Hortons combo units in Canada. In August 2013, The Wendy's Company announced the sale of 30 restaurants in the St. Louis market to BB St. Louis, LLC.
Werner Enterprises, Inc. was founded in 1956 and is a premier transportation and logistics company, with coverage throughout North America, Asia, Europe, South America, Africa and Australia. Werner maintains its global headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska and maintains offices in the United States, Canada, Mexico and China. Werner is among the five largest truckload carriers in the United States, with a diversified portfolio of transportation services that includes dedicated; medium-to-long-haul, regional and expedited van; and temperature-controlled. The Werner Logistics portfolio includes truck brokerage, freight management, intermodal, international and final mile services. International services are provided through Werner?€?s domestic and global subsidiary companies and include ocean, air and ground transportation; freight forwarding; and customs brokerage.
Western Gas Equity Partners, LP was formed to own three types of partnership interests in Western Gas Partners, LP (WES). WES is a limited partnership formed by Anadarko Petroleum Corporation to own, operate, acquire and develop midstream energy assets. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had no independent operations. WES is engaged in the business of gathering, processing, compressing, treating and transporting natural gas, condensate, natural gas liquids (NGLs) and crude oil for Anadarko, as well as third-party producers and customers. On January 13, 2012, WES acquired 100% interest of Mountain Gas Resources LLC (MGR). On August 1, 2012, WES acquired 24% interest of Chipeta Processing LLC (Chipeta).
WisdomTree Investments, Inc., through its subsidiaries in the U.S. and Europe (collectively, ?€?WisdomTree?€?), is an exchange-traded fund (?€?ETF?€?) and exchange-traded product (?€?ETP?€?) sponsor and asset manager headquartered in New York. WisdomTree offers products covering equities, fixed income, currencies, commodities and alternative strategies. WisdomTree currently has approximately $63.1 billion in assets under management globally.
Winland Electronics, Inc. (Winland) provides a line of environmental monitoring products to the security industry. Through distribution to dealers and integrators, Winland provides a line of critical condition monitoring products to the security industry. These products are manufactured to protect against loss of assets due to damage from water, excess humidity, extremes of temperature and loss of power. These Winland branded and trademarked products accounted for 100% of the Company's revenue as of December 31, 2011. On January 1, 2011, the Company sold its electronic manufacturing services (EMS) business segment to Nortech Systems Incorporated (Nortech). On January 1, 2011, Winland entered into a commercial building lease (the Lease) with Nortech to lease 1,000 square feet of office space at 1950 Excel Drive, Mankato. In January 2013, the Company sold its its 58,000 square foot headquarters and manufacturing building to Nortech Systems, Inc.
Weyco Group, Inc., designs and markets quality and innovative footwear principally for men, but also for women and children, under a portfolio of well-recognized brand names including: Florsheim, Nunn Bush, Stacy Adams, BOGS, and Rafters. The Company's products can be found in leading footwear, department, and specialty stores, as well as on e-commerce websites worldwide. Weyco Group also operates Florsheim concept stores in the United States and Australia, as well as in a variety of international markets.
Woori Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. is a Korea-based financial holding company engaged in the management of its subsidiaries. Through its subsidiaries and affiliated companies, it operates in six business divisions. Its banking division engages in the provision of deposits, loans, cards, funds, foreign exchange and trading finance products and services. Its financial investment division engages in the provision of securities brokerage services, asset management and others. Its insurance division engages in life insurances and others. Its consumer financing division engages in the credit financing, installment financing and others. Its investment division engages in the dealing with non-performing loans (NPLs), corporate restructuring, investment consulting, private equity fund (PEF) services and others. Its other division engages in the development of financial information technology (IT) systems, as well as investigation and research of financial and economic industries.
Wells Fargo & Company is a diversified, community-based financial services company with $1.92 trillion in assets. Wells Fargo?€?s vision is to satisfy our customers?€? financial needs and help them succeed financially. Founded in 1852 and headquartered in San Francisco, Wells Fargo provides banking, investment and mortgage products and services, as well as consumer and commercial finance, through 7,200 locations, more than 13,000 ATMs, the internet (wellsfargo.com) and mobile banking, and has offices in 31 countries and territories to support customers who conduct business in the global economy. Wells Fargo serves one in three households in the United States. Wells Fargo & Company was ranked No. 30 on Fortune?€?s 2020 rankings of America?€?s largest corporations. News, insights and perspectives from Wells Fargo are also available at Wells Fargo Stories.
Wells Fargo & Company
Wells Fargo & Company 7.50% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Class A Preferred Stock Series L
Wells Fargo & Company Dep Shs Repstg 1/1000th Perp Pfd Cl A Ser N
Wells Fargo & Company Depositary Shares Series O
Wells Fargo & Company Dep Shs Repstg 1/1000th Int Non Cum Perp Cl A Pfd (Ser P)
Wells Fargo & Company Depositary Shares Series Q
Wells Fargo & Company Dep Shs Repstg 1/1000th Int Perp Pfd Cl A (Ser R Fixed To Flltg)
Wells Fargo & Company New Depository Share Representing 1/1000th Perp. Preferred Class A Series T
Wells Fargo & Company Depositary Shares Series V
Wells Fargo & Company Depositary Shares Series W
Wells Fargo & Company Depositary Shares Series X
Wells Fargo & Company Depositary Shares Series Y

Winnebago Industries, Inc. is a leading North American manufacturer of outdoor lifestyle products and commercial vehicles under the Winnebago, Grand Design, Newmar and Chris-Craft brands, which are used primarily in leisure travel and outdoor recreation activities. The company builds quality motorhomes, travel trailers, fifth wheel products, boats, and commercial community outreach vehicles. Since the 1960s, its Specialty Vehicles division has leveraged the Winnebago motorhome platform to design and build custom community outreach vehicles for customers around the world. With flexible floorplans and chassis options to suit different budgets and sustainability goals, Winnebago commercial shells are ideal for applications such as mobile medical and dental services, DUI/BAT, cancer and preventive screenings, food trucks, event marketing, bloodmobiles, classrooms, bookmobiles, and many other applications. Winnebago Industries has multiple facilities in Iowa, Indiana, Minnesota, and Florida. The Company's common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and traded under the symbol WGO.
WSP Holdings LTD (Foreign)
Cactus Inc. Class A
WhiteHorse Finance??is a business development company that originates and invests in loans to privately held, lower middle market companies across a broad range of industries. The Company's investment activities are managed by H.I.G. WhiteHorse Advisers, LLC, an affiliate of??H.I.G. Capital, LLC, ("H.I.G. Capital"). H.I.G. Capital??is a leading global alternative asset manager with??$41 billion??of capital under management (4) across a number of funds focused on the small and mid-cap markets. For more information about??H.I.G. Capital, please visit http://www.higcapital.com.

Westwood Holdings Group, Inc. is a focused investment management boutique and wealth management firm. Westwood offers high-conviction equity and outcome-oriented solutions to institutional investors, private wealth clients and financial intermediaries. The firm specializes in three distinct investment capabilities: U.S. Value Equity, Multi-Asset and Emerging Markets Equity. To meet the full range of investors?€? financial needs, access to these strategies is available through separate accounts, the Westwood Funds???€?family of mutual funds?€?and other pooled vehicles. Westwood benefits from significant, broad-based employee ownership and trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ?€?WHG.?€? Based in Dallas, Westwood also maintains offices in Boston, Houston and Toronto.
Wilhelmina, together with its subsidiaries, is an international full-service fashion model and talent management service, specializing in the representation and management of leading models, celebrities, artists, photographers, athletes, and content creators. Established in 1967 by fashion model Wilhelmina Cooper, Wilhelmina is one of the oldest and largest fashion model management companies in the world. Wilhelmina is publicly traded on Nasdaq under the symbol WHLM. Wilhelmina is headquartered in New York and, since its founding, has grown to include operations in Los Angeles, Miami, London and Chicago. Wilhelmina also owns Aperture, a talent and commercial agency located in New York and Los Angeles.
Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. is formed for the purpose of acquiring, financing, developing, leasing, owning and managing income producing assets, such as strip centers, neighborhood centers, grocery-anchored centers, community centers and free-standing retail properties. In September 2013, Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Inc announced the purchase of Tampa Festival, and Forrest Gallery, two grocery-anchored shopping centers. In September 2013, Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc announced the acquisition of a 81,000 square foot free-standing retail property. Effective September 25, 2013, Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Inc acquired an undisclosed retail property, located in Jenks, Oklahoma. In October 2013, the Company announced that it has acquired a free standing retail property.

Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. engages in acquiring, financing, developing, leasing, owning, and managing real estate properties in the mid-Atlantic, southeast, and southwest United States. It acquires strip centers, neighborhood, grocery-anchored, community, and free-standing retail properties. The company leases its properties to national and regional retailers. As of June 30, 2011, its portfolio had a total gross leasable area of 368,865 square feet. The company was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
Whirlpool Corporation is the world's leading kitchen and laundry appliance company, with approximately $20 billion in annual sales, 77,000 employees and 59 manufacturing and technology research centers in 2019. The company markets Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Maytag, Consul, Brastemp, Amana, Bauknecht, JennAir, Indesit and other major brand names in nearly every country throughout the world.
Boingo Wireless, Inc. helps the world stay connected. Our vast footprint of DAS, Wi-Fi and small cells reaches more than a billion people annually, making Boingo one of the largest providers of indoor wireless networks. You?€?ll find Boingo connecting people at airports, stadiums, military bases, convention centers, multifamily communities and commercial properties.
G. Willi-Food International Ltd.??( http://www.willi-food.com ) is an Israeli-based company specializing in high-quality, great-tasting kosher food products. Willi-Food is engaged directly and through its subsidiaries in the design, import, marketing and distribution of over 600 food products worldwide. As one of Israel's leading food importers, Willi-Food markets and sells its food products to over 1,250 customers and 2,500 selling points in Israel and around the world including large retail and private supermarket chains, wholesalers and institutional consumers. The Company's operating divisions include Willi-Food in Israel and Euro European Dairies, a wholly owned subsidiary who designs, develops and distributes branded kosher, dairy-food products.
Wimi Hologram Cloud Inc ADR
Winmark Corporation is a franchisor of four retail store concepts that buys, sells, trades and consigns merchandise. The Company operates in tow segments: franchising and leasing. The franchising segment franchises retail store concepts that buys, sells, trades and consigns merchandise. The leasing segment includes Winmark Capital Corporation, a middle-market equipment leasing business and Wirth Business Credit, Inc., a small-ticket financing business. The Company also provides management services to Tomsten, Inc. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had 930 franchises operating under the Plato's Closet, Play It Again Sports, Once Upon A Child and Music Go Round brands.
Founded in 1994 and headquartered in Dallas, TX, Wingstop Inc. operates and franchises 1,500 restaurants worldwide. The Wing Experts are dedicated to Serving the World Flavor through an unparalleled guest experience and offering of classic wings, boneless wings and tenders, always cooked to order and hand-sauced-and-tossed in fans' choice of 11 bold, distinctive flavors. Wingstop's menu also features signature sides including fresh-cut, seasoned fries and freshly-made ranch and bleu cheese dips. In 2019, Wingstop's system-wide sales increased 20.1% year-over-year to $1.5 billion, marking the 16th consecutive year of same store sales growth, and Wingstop achieved over 400% shareholder return since its 2015 initial public offering. With a vision of becoming a Top 10 Global Restaurant Brand, its system is comprised of independent franchisees, or brand partners, who account for more than 98% of Wingstop's total restaurant count of 1,500. In February 2019, the Company launched its new tagline and creative campaign "Where Flavor Gets Its Wings" and continued the rollout of national delivery. During the fiscal quarter ended September??26, 2020, Wingstop generated 62.0% of sales via digital channels including Wingstop.com and the Wingstop app. The Company has been ranked on Entrepreneur Magazine's "150 Strongest-Growing Franchises" and "The World's Best Franchises" (2020), Franchise Business Review's "Top Food Franchises" (2020), Nation's Restaurant News ' "Top 200 Restaurant Chains" (2020), and Fast Casual's "Top 100 Movers & Shakers" (2020).
Windtree Therapeutics, Inc. is advancing multiple late-stage interventions for acute cardiovascular and pulmonary disorders to save patients in their moments of crisis. Using new clinical approaches, Windtree is developing a multi-asset franchise anchored around compounds with an ability to activate SERCA2a, with lead candidate istaroxime as a first-in-class treatment for acute heart failure and early cardiogenic shock in heart failure. Windtree is also developing AEROSURF?? as a paradigm shifting non-invasive surfactant treatment for premature infants with respiratory distress syndrome, as well as evaluating other uses for its synthetic KL4 surfactant for the treatment of acute pulmonary conditions such as preventing lung injury. Also in its portfolio is rostafuroxin, a novel precision drug product targeting hypertensive patients with certain genetic profiles.
Encore Wire Corporation (Encore) is a manufacturer of electrical building wire and cable. Encore is a supplier of building wire for interior electrical wiring in commercial and industrial buildings, homes, apartments, and manufactured housing. Encore offers an electric building wire product line that consists of nonmetallic-building ( NM-B) cable, underground feeder-building (UF-B) cable, thermoplastic high heat resistant nylon coated/thermoplastic heat and water resistant nylon coated (THHN/THWN)-2 and other types of wire products, including metal clad and armored cable. All of these products are manufactured with copper or aluminum as the conductor. The principal customers for Encore's wire are wholesale electrical distributors. The Company sells its products primarily through 31 manufacturers' representatives located throughout the United States. The Company also purchases small quantities of other types of wire to re-sell to customers that buy products that Encore manufactures.
Summit Semiconductor Inc - Ordinary Shares
Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 180,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future.
Wix is leading the way with a cloud-based website development platform for over 189 million registered users worldwide today. The Wix website builder was founded on the belief that the Internet should be accessible to everyone to develop, create and contribute. Through free and premium subscriptions, Wix empowers millions of businesses, organizations, artists, and individuals to take their businesses, brands and workflow online. The Wix Editor, Wix ADI, Editor X, a highly curated App Market, Ascend by Wix and Corvid by Wix enable users to build and manage a fully integrated and dynamic digital presence. Wix's headquarters are in Tel Aviv with offices in Austin, Be'er Sheva, Berlin, Cedar Rapids, Denver, Dnipro, Dublin, Kiev, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, San Francisco, S??o Paulo, Tokyo and Vilnius. Visit us: on our blog, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn and Pinterest Download: Wix App is available for free on Google Play and in the App Store.
Deloitte has engaged with Workiva around the world, actively identifying new digital opportunities, expanding solutions to existing customers and enhancing customer satisfaction by combining their implementation and managed services capabilities with deep industry expertise. Deloitte ingrained the Workiva platform into its suite of services, helped organizations navigate the most demanding challenges they face, and stayed ahead of changing regulations and industry mandates. KPMG has consistently supported Workiva customers with many aspects of integrated risk management, including Sarbanes-Oxley compliance, internal audit and enterprise risk management. Combining Workiva?€?s platform with KPMG?€?s risk advisory and expertise has optimized and increased collaboration between compliance functions and improved risk management for customers across North America. Clearview Group delivers exemplary client services on the Workiva platform for a multitude of solutions. They are trusted advisors to their clients and work side-by-side with Workiva to deliver purpose-built solutions that solve complex business challenges. FloQast built its own integration within the Workiva platform that automates the record-to-report process, eliminating costly inefficiencies that can lead to inaccurate financial statements. As a result, joint customers have benefited from improved transparency across applications and a higher level of trust and confidence in the data they report.
WISeKey International Holding Ltd ADR
Workhorse is a technology company focused on providing drone-integrated electric vehicles to the last-mile delivery sector. As an American original equipment manufacturer, we design and build high performance, battery-electric vehicles including trucks and aircraft. Workhorse also develops cloud-based, real-time telematics performance monitoring systems that are fully integrated with our vehicles and enable fleet operators to optimize energy and route efficiency. All Workhorse vehicles are designed to make the movement of people and goods more efficient and less harmful to the environment.
Willdan is a nationwide provider of professional technical and consulting services to utilities, government agencies, and private industry. Willdan?€?s service offerings span a broad set of complementary disciplines that include electric grid solutions, energy efficiency and sustainability, engineering and planning, and municipal financial consulting.
Willis Lease Finance Corporation through its subsidiaries is a lesser of commercial aircraft engines. The Company engaged in acquiring and leasing pursuant to operating leases, commercial aircraft engines and related aircraft equipment and the selective sale of such engines. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had a total lease portfolio consisting of 194 engines and related equipment, 13 aircraft and three spare parts packages with 71 lessees in 37 countries. As of December 31, 2011, the Company managed a total lease portfolio of 26 engines and related equipment for other parties. The Company also seeks, from time to time, to act as leasing agent of engines for other parties. The Company is the servicer and administrative agent for Willis Engine Securitization Trust (WEST). In November 2013, Willis Lease Finance Corporation announced launch of Willis Aeronautical Services, Inc. Effective November 6, 2013, Willis Lease Finance Corp acquired JT Power LLC.
Westlake Chemical Corporation is an international manufacturer and supplier of petrochemicals, polymers and building products with its headquarters in Houston. Highly integrated along our olefins and vinyls product chains, the company produces: ethylene; polyethylene; propylene; styrene; chlor-alkali and derivative products; PVC suspension and specialty resins; PVC compounds; building products including pipe, fittings and specialty components, decking, roofing, siding, trim and molding, and window lineals; and PVC film.
Westlake Chemical Partners is a limited partnership formed by Westlake Chemical Corporation to operate, acquire and develop ethylene production facilities and other qualified assets. Headquartered in Houston, the Partnership owns a 22.8% interest in Westlake Chemical OpCo LP. Westlake Chemical OpCo LP?€?s assets include three facilities in Calvert City, Kentucky, and Lake Charles, Louisiana which process ethane and propane into ethylene, and an ethylene pipeline.
Whiting Petroleum Corporation, a Delaware corporation, is an independent oil and gas company that develops, produces, acquires and explores for crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids primarily in the Rocky Mountain region of the United States. The Company?€?s largest projects are in the Bakken and Three Forks plays in North Dakota and Niobrara play in northeast Colorado. The Company trades publicly under the symbol WLL on the New York Stock Exchange.
Willis Towers Watson is a leading global advisory, broking and solutions company that helps clients around the world turn risk into a path for growth. With roots dating to 1828, Willis Towers Watson has 45,000 employees serving more than 140 countries and markets. We design and deliver solutions that manage risk, optimize benefits, cultivate talent, and expand the power of capital to protect and strengthen institutions and individuals. Our unique perspective allows us to see the critical intersections between talent, assets and ideas ?€? the dynamic formula that drives business performance. Together, we unlock potential.
Waste Management, based in Houston, Texas, is the leading provider of comprehensive waste management environmental services in North America. Through its subsidiaries, the Company provides collection, transfer, disposal services, and recycling and resource recovery. It is also a leading developer, operator and owner of landfill gas-to-energy facilities in the United States. The Company?€?s customers include residential, commercial, industrial, and municipal customers throughout North America.
Williams is committed to being the leader in providing infrastructure that safely delivers natural gas products to reliably fuel the clean energy economy. Headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Williams is an industry-leading, investment grade C-Corp with operations across the natural gas value chain including gathering, processing, interstate transportation and storage of natural gas and natural gas liquids. With major positions in top U.S. supply basins, Williams connects the best supplies with the growing demand for clean energy. Williams owns and operates more than 30,000 miles of pipelines system wide ?€? including Transco, the nation?€?s largest volume and fastest growing pipeline ?€? and handles approximately 30 percent of the natural gas in the United States that is used every day for clean-power generation, heating and industrial use.
Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation is focused on investing in, financing and managing primarily residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS), which are not issued or guaranteed by a United States Government agency or federally chartered corporation, or non-Agency RMBS. The Company also focuses on investing in commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS), and other asset-backed securities (ABS), as well as RMBS for which a United States Government agency or federally chartered corporation guarantees payments of principal and interest on the securities, or Agency RMBS. The Company is managed and advised by Western Asset Management Company. As of June 12, 2009, the Company had not made any investments.
With a legacy extending back over 200 years, Warner Music Group (WMG) today brings together artists, songwriters and entrepreneurs that are moving entertainment culture across the globe. Operating in more than 70 countries through a network of affiliates and licensees, WMG?€?s Recorded Music division includes renowned labels such as Asylum, Atlantic, Big Beat, Canvasback, Elektra, Erato, First Night, Fueled by Ramen, Nonesuch, Parlophone, Reprise, Rhino, Roadrunner, Sire, Spinnin?€?, Warner Records, Warner Classics and Warner Music Nashville. WMG?€?s music publishing arm, Warner Chappell Music, has a catalog of more than 1.4 million musical compositions spanning every musical genre, from the standards of the Great American Songbook to the biggest hits of the 21st century. Warner Music Group is also home to ADA, the independent artist and label services company, as well as consumer brands such as Songkick, the live music app; EMP, the merchandise e-tailer; and UPROXX, the youth culture destination.
Founded in 1912, Weis Markets, Inc. is a Mid Atlantic food retailer operating 195 stores in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, New York, West Virginia and Virginia.
"Advanced Drainage Systems (ADS, ticker:WMS) is a leading industrial growth company that delivers a comprehensive suite of water management products and superior drainage solutions for use in the construction and infrastructure sectors.
ADS is the originator and leading manufacturer of innovative high performance thermoplastic corrugated pipe. The Company.s broad product line includes corrugated high density polyethylene pipe, polypropylene pipe and related water management products, known as Allied Products, which are used across a broad range of end markets and applications, including non-residential, residential, infrastructure and agriculture applications."
Walmart Inc. helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 265 million customers and members visit approximately 11,500 stores under 56 banners in 27 countries and eCommerce websites. With fiscal year 2020 revenue of $524 billion, Walmart employs over 2.2 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity.
As the innovation leader of engineered solutions for the transportation, logistics and distribution industries, Wabash National Corporation is changing how the world reaches you. Headquartered in Lafayette, Indiana, the company?€?s mission is to enable customers to succeed with breakthrough ideas and solutions that help them move everything from first to final mile. Wabash National designs and manufactures a diverse range of products, including: dry freight and refrigerated trailers, platform trailers, bulk tank trailers, dry and refrigerated truck bodies, structural composite panels and products, trailer aerodynamic solutions, and specialty food grade and pharmaceutical equipment. Its innovative products are sold under the following brand names: Wabash National ??, Beall ??, Benson ??, Brenner ?? Tank, Bulk Tank International, DuraPlate ??, Extract Technology ??, Supreme ??, Transcraft ??, Walker Engineered Products, and Walker Transport.
Western New England Bancorp, Inc. is a Massachusetts-chartered stock holding company and the parent company of Westfield Bank, CSB Colts, Inc., Elm Street Securities Corporation, WFD Securities, Inc. and WB Real Estate Holdings, LLC. Western New England Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries are headquartered in Westfield, Massachusetts and operate 25 banking offices throughout western Massachusetts and northern Connecticut.
WNS (Holdings) Limited (WNS) is a holding company. WNS is a provider of offshore business process outsourcing (BPO) services, offering data, voice, analytical and business transformation services. The Company transfers the business processes of its clients its our delivery centers, located in Costa Rica, India, the Philippines, Romania, Sri Lanka, the United Kingdom and the United States, as well as to its subcontractor's delivery center in South Africa. The Company operates in two segments: WNS Global BPO and WNS Auto Claims BPO. The Company's clients are primarily in the travel, banking, financial services, insurance, healthcare and utilities, retail and consumer product industries. On November 1, 2011, the Company acquired 100% interest in WNS Philippines Inc. On April 6, 2011, WNS Customer Solutions North America Inc. merged into WNS North America Inc. On June 29, 2011, Business Applications Associations Inc. merged into WNS North America Inc.
Worthington Industries is a leading industrial manufacturing company delivering innovative solutions to customers that span many industries including transportation, construction, industrial, agriculture, retail and energy. Worthington is North America?€?s premier value-added steel processor and producer of laser welded products; and a leading global supplier of pressure cylinders and accessories for applications such as fuel storage, water systems, outdoor living, tools and celebrations. The Company?€?s brands, primarily sold in retail stores, include Coleman ??, Bernzomatic ??, Balloon Time ??, Mag Torch ?? and Well-X-Trol ??. Worthington?€?s WAVE joint venture with Armstrong is the North American leader in innovative ceiling solutions. Headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, Worthington operates 51 facilities in 15 states and six countries, sells into over 90 countries and employs approximately 7,500 people. Founded in 1955, the Company follows a people-first philosophy with earning money for its shareholders as its first corporate goal. Relentlessly finding new ways to drive progress and practicing a shared commitment to transformation, Worthington makes better solutions possible for customers, employees, shareholders and communities. Safe Harbor Statement The Company wishes to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions included in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the ?€?Act"). Statements by the Company which are not historical information constitute "forward looking statements" within the meaning of the Act.
"Slack is where work happens.
Around the world, over 600,000 organizations in over 150 countries have turned to Slack as the place to communicate, collaborate, and get work done. Over 10 million people inside those organizations ?€? accountants, customer support reps, engineers, lawyers, journalists, dentists, chefs, detectives, executives, scientists, farmers, hoteliers, salespeople, and many others ?€? collectively spend more than 50 million hours in active use of Slack in a typical week, on either a free or paid subscription plan. They do so because Slack is a new layer of the business technology stack that brings together people, applications, and data ?€? a single place where people can effectively work together, access hundreds of thousands of critical applications and services, and find important information to do their best work."
SCWorx has created The Ultraverse Platform???, an advanced attributed virtualized item data warehouse (?€?VDW?€?) utilizing machine learning and artificial intelligence to offer a suite of software-as-a-service based solutions for healthcare providers. The value proposition for customers revolves around full integration of all solution modules with the VDW platform. The solution modules include Virtual Item Master, contract management and request for pricing (RFP) module, automated rebate management module, data interoperability (EMR, MMIS, finance) module, Automated Item Add Portal, Virtual General Ledger, and the data analytics module. SCWorx?€?s Ultraverse Platform??? creates a single source for information for healthcare providers?€? data governance and data analytics for executives. SCWorx recently formed Direct-Worx to assist its client base in their efforts to acquire Covid-19 related products and services. Direct-Worx has created a Multi-Billion Dollar Healthcare Purchasing Coalition with SCWorx customers.

No Description Available

Foley Trasimene Acquisition Corp. Units each consisting of one Class A common stock and onethird of one redeemable warrant
Foley Trasimene Acquisition Corp. Warrants each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share
Washington Prime Group Inc. (NYSE:WPG.WI) operates independently of Simon Property Group Inc. as of May 28, 2014.
Washington Prime Group Inc. 7.5% Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred SBI
Washington Prime Group Inc. 6.875% Series I Cumulative Redeemable Preferred SBI
Wheaton is the world's premier precious metals streaming company with the highest-quality portfolio of long-life, low-cost assets. Its business model offers investors commodity price leverage and exploration upside but with a much lower risk profile than a traditional mining company. Wheaton delivers amongst the highest cash operating margins in the mining industry, allowing it to pay a competitive dividend and continue to grow through accretive acquisitions. As a result, Wheaton has consistently outperformed gold and silver, as well as other mining investments. Wheaton creates sustainable value through streaming. Wheaton's estimated attributable precious metals production in 2020 is forecast to be between?? 655,000 and 685,000 gold equivalent ounces 2. Wheaton expects to produce between 365,000 and 385,000 ounces of gold, 21.5 and 22.5 million ounces of silver, and 23,000 and 24,500 ounces of palladium. In accordance with Wheaton Precious Metals??? Corp.'s ("Wheaton Precious Metals", "Wheaton" or the "Company")??MD&A and financial statements, reference to the Company includes the Company's wholly owned subsidiaries. End Notes ____________________ 1 Please refer to non-IFRS measures at the end of this press release. 2 Commodity price assumptions for the gold equivalent production and sales in 2020 are $1,500 / ounce gold, $18 / ounce silver, and $2,000 / ounce palladium. 3 Under the PMPA with Caldas Gold, the Company will pay a total cash consideration of $110 million, $38 million of which is payable upon closing and the remaining portion of which is payable during the construction of the Marmato Deep Zone project, subject to receipt of required permits and licenses, sufficient financing having been obtained to cover total expected capital expenditures, and other customary conditions. In addition, the Company will make ongoing payments equal to 18% of the spot gold and silver price until the market value of gold and silver delivered to the Company, net of the per ounce cash payment, exceeds the initial upfront cash deposit, and 22% of the spot gold and silver price thereafter. 4 Under the terms of the PMPA, the Company is entitled to an amount equal to 25% of the payable gold production plus an additional amount of gold equal to 25% of the payable silver production converted to gold at a fixed gold to silver exchange ratio of 70:1 from the San Dimas mine. If the average gold to silver price ratio decreases to less than 50:1 or increases to more than 90:1 for a period of 6 months or more, then the "70" shall be revised to "50" or "90", as the case may be, until such time as the average gold to silver price ratio is between 50:1 to 90:1 for a period of 6 months or more in which event the "70" shall be reinstated. 5 Payable gold, silver and palladium ounces produced but not yet delivered are based on management estimates only and rely upon information provided by the owners and operators of mining operations and may be revised and updated in future periods as additional information is received. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statements of Earnings Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 (US dollars and shares in thousands, except per share amounts - unaudited) 2020 2019 2020 2019 Sales $ 307,268 $ 223,595 $ 810,012 $ 638,110 Cost of sales Cost of sales, excluding depletion $ 70,119 $ 64,624 $ 202,238 $ 194,796 Depletion 60,601 63,396 184,104 193,180 Total cost of sales $ 130,720 $ 128,020 $ 386,342 $ 387,976 Gross margin $ 176,548 $ 95,575 $ 423,670 $ 250,134 General and administrative expenses 21,326 14,028 56,307 42,811 Impairment of mineral stream interests - - - 165,912 Earnings from operations $ 155,222 $ 81,547 $ 367,363 $ 41,411 Other (income) expense 2,624 (3,533) (1,340) (709) Earnings before finance costs and income taxes $ 152,598 $ 85,080 $ 368,703 $ 42,120 Finance costs 2,766 11,871 14,519 39,123 Earnings before income taxes $ 149,832 $ 73,209 $ 354,184 $ 2,997 Income tax recovery (expense) 43 2,751 (3,601) 5,618 Net earnings $ 149,875 $ 75,960 $ 350,583 $ 8,615 Basic earnings per share $ 0.334 $ 0.170 $ 0.782 $ 0.019 Diluted earnings per share $ 0.332 $ 0.170 $ 0.779 $ 0.019 Weighted average number of shares outstanding Basic 449,125 446,802 448,484 445,598 Diluted 451,999 447,849 449,892 446,467 Condensed Interim Consolidated Balance Sheets As at September 30 As at December 31 (US dollars in thousands - unaudited) 2020 2019 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 209,834 $ 103,986 Accounts receivable 8,317 7,138 Other 3,647 43,628 Total current assets $ 221,798 $ 154,752 Non-current assets Mineral stream interests $ 5,547,769 $ 5,734,106 Early deposit mineral stream interests 33,241 31,741 Mineral royalty interest 3,036 3,036 Long-term equity investments 254,462 309,757 Convertible notes receivable 10,836 21,856 Property, plant and equipment 6,542 7,311 Other 13,503 15,448 Total non-current assets $ 5,869,389 $ 6,123,255 Total assets $ 6,091,187 $ 6,278,007 Liabilities Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 16,760 $ 11,794 Current portion of performance share units 19,010 10,668 Current portion of lease liabilities 734 724 Other 83 41,514 Total current liabilities $ 36,587 $ 64,700 Non-current liabilities Bank debt $ 487,500 $ 874,500 Lease liabilities 2,968 3,528 Deferred income taxes 206 148 Performance share units 11,245 8,401 Pension liability 1,343 810 Total non-current liabilities $ 503,262 $ 887,387 Total liabilities $ 539,849 $ 952,087 Shareholders' equity Issued capital $ 3,638,234 $ 3,599,203 Reserves 113,553 160,701 Retained earnings 1,799,551 1,566,016 Total shareholders' equity $ 5,551,338 $ 5,325,920 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 6,091,187 $ 6,278,007 Condensed Interim Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 (US dollars in thousands - unaudited) 2020 2019 2020 2019 Operating activities Net earnings $ 149,875 $ 75,960 $ 350,583 $ 8,615 Adjustments for Depreciation and depletion 61,050 63,845 185,542 194,590 Gain on disposal of mineral royalty interest - (2,929) - (2,929) Impairment charges - - - 165,912 Interest expense 1,795 10,885 11,289 36,473 Equity settled stock based compensation 1,319 1,447 4,127 4,259 Performance share units 9,325 4,803 11,734 5,004 Pension expense 265 - 533 - Income tax expense (recovery) (43) (2,751) 3,601 (5,618) Loss (gain) on fair value adjustment of share purchase warrants held 1,107 (2) 845 5 Fair value (gain) loss on convertible note receivable 1,095 (386) (1,382) 677 Investment income recognized in net earnings (23) (205) (178) (745) Other 567 (491) 513 1,890 Change in non-cash working capital 3,656 2,093 2,771 (421) Cash generated from operations before income taxes and interest $ 229,988 $ 152,269 $ 569,978 $ 407,712 Income taxes recovered (paid) - (1,751) 70 (5,334) Interest paid (1,912) (8,404) (12,745) (33,311) Interest received 23 186 177 686 Cash generated from operating activities $ 228,099 $ 142,300 $ 557,480 $ 369,753 Financing activities Bank debt repaid $ (153,000) $ (82,000) $ (387,000) $ (250,500) Credit facility extension fees (6) (3) (1,373) (1,103) Share purchase options exercised 2,763 12,662 20,779 33,055 Lease payments (132) (156) (438) (479) Dividends paid (37,309) (32,609) (120,312) (96,124) Cash (used for) generated from financing activities $ (187,684) $ (102,106) $ (488,344) $ (315,151) Investing activities Mineral stream interests $ (40) $ (9) $ (40) $ (183) Early deposit mineral stream interests (750) (750) (1,500) (1,500) Proceeds on disposal of mineral royalty interest - 9,000 - 9,000 Acquisition of long-term investments (10,671) - (10,671) (909) Investment in associate - - - (132) Proceeds on disposal of long-term investments 49,454 16,307 49,577 16,307 Dividend income received - 20 - 59 Other (363) (313) (691) (1,520) Cash generated from (used for) investing activities $ 37,630 $ 24,255 $ 36,675 $ 21,122 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents $ 25 $ (5) $ 37 $ 135 Increase in cash and cash equivalents $ 78,070 $ 64,444 $ 105,848 $ 75,859 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 131,764 87,182 103,986 75,767 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 209,834 $ 151,626 $ 209,834 $ 151,626 Summary of Ounces Produced Q3 2020 Q2 2020 Q1 2020 Q4 2019 Q3 2019 Q2 2019 Q1 2019 Q4 2018 Gold ounces produced ?? Salobo 63,408 59,104 62,575 74,716 73,615 67,056 60,846 76,995 Sudbury 3 5,068 9,257 7,795 6,468 6,082 9,360 11,374 6,646 Constancia 8 3,780 3,470 3,681 4,757 5,172 4,533 4,826 4,266 San Dimas 4, 8 9,228 6,074 11,318 11,352 11,239 11,496 10,290 10,092 Stillwater 5 3,176 3,222 2,955 3,585 3,238 3,675 3,137 3,472 Other Minto 6 1,832 2,928 2,124 2,189 - - - 1,441 777 5,278 4,728 4,551 3,987 4,278 4,788 4,445 4,248 Total Other 7,110 7,656 6,675 6,176 4,278 4,788 4,445 5,689 Total gold ounces produced 91,770 88,783 94,999 107,054 103,624 100,908 94,918 107,160 Silver ounces produced 2 Pe??asquito 8 1,992 973 2,658 1,895 2,026 702 1,594 1,455 Antamina 8 1,516 612 1,311 1,342 1,223 1,334 1,176 1,225 Constancia 8 430 254 461 632 686 552 635 695 Other Los Filos 8 17 14 29 55 33 37 38 29 Zinkgruvan 498 389 662 670 587 590 451 587 Yauliyacu 8 679 273 557 358 620 627 528 233 Stratoni 156 148 183 147 131 172 143 149 Minto 6 15 19 18 18 - - - 8 Neves-Corvo 281 479 377 385 431 392 498 509 Aljustrel 348 388 352 325 240 322 470 475 777 96 108 96 81 62 93 95 113 Total Other 2,090 1,818 2,274 2,039 2,104 2,233 2,223 2,103 Total silver ounces produced 6,028 3,657 6,704 5,908 6,039 4,821 5,628 5,478 Palladium ounces produced ?? Stillwater 5 5,444 5,759 5,312 6,057 5,471 5,736 4,729 5,869 GEOs produced 7 171,370 140,348 182,533 186,027 183,394 166,399 168,759 180,732 SEOs produced 7 14,281 11,696 15,211 15,502 15,283 13,867 14,063 15,061 Average payable rate 2 Gold 95.3% 94.7% 95.1% 95.6% 95.1% 95.3% 95.6% 95.5% Silver 86.1% 81.9% 85.6% 85.3% 85.1% 83.3% 82.9% 83.3% Palladium 97.0% 86.5% 93.0% 99.4% 83.5% 87.6% 98.5% 96.4% 1) All figures in thousands except gold and palladium ounces produced. 2) Ounces produced represent the quantity of gold, silver and palladium contained in concentrate or dor?? prior to smelting or refining deductions. Production figures and average payable rates are based on information provided by the operators of the mining operations to which the mineral stream interests relate or management estimates in those situations where other information is not available. Certain production figures or payable rates may be updated in future periods as additional information is received. 3) Comprised of the Coleman, Copper Cliff, Garson, Creighton and Totten gold interests. 4) Under the terms of the San Dimas PMPA, the Company is entitled to an amount equal to 25% of the payable gold production plus an additional amount of gold equal to 25% of the payable silver production converted to gold at a fixed gold to silver exchange ratio of 70:1 from the San Dimas mine. If the average gold to silver price ratio decreases to less than 50:1 or increases to more than 90:1 for a period of 6 months or more, then the "70" shall be revised to "50" or "90", as the case may be, until such time as the average gold to silver price ratio is between 50:1 to 90:1 for a period of 6 months or more in which event the "70" shall be reinstated. Effective April 1, 2020, the fixed gold to silver exchange ratio was revised to 90:1. For reference, silver production from prior periods is as follows: Q3-2020 ?€? 420,000 ounces; Q2-2020 ?€? 276,000 ounces; Q1-2020 ?€? 419,000 ounces; Q4-2019 ?€? 415,000 ounces; Q3-2019 ?€? 410,000 ounces; Q2-2019 ?€? 401,000 ounces; Q1-2019 ?€? 351,000 ounces; and Q4-2018 ?€? 342,000 ounces. 5) Comprised of the Stillwater and East Boulder gold and palladium interests. 6) The Minto mine was placed into care and maintenance from October 2018 to October 2019. 7) GEOs and SEOs, which are provided to assist the reader, are based on the following commodity price assumptions: $1,500 per ounce gold; $18.00 per ounce silver; and $2,000 per ounce palladium, consistent with those used in estimating the Company's production guidance for 2020. 8) Operations at these mines had been temporarily suspended during the second quarter of 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. During the third quarter, all of the operations were restarted. Summary of Ounces Sold Q3 2020 Q2 2020 Q1 2020 Q4 2019 Q3 2019 Q2 2019 Q1 2019 Q4 2018 Gold ounces sold Salobo 59,584 68,487 74,944 58,137 63,064 57,715 84,160 75,351 Sudbury 2 7,858 7,414 4,822 7,394 7,600 8,309 4,061 4,864 Constancia 7 4,112 3,024 3,331 5,108 4,742 4,409 5,512 3,645 San Dimas 7 9,687 6,030 11,358 11,499 11,374 10,284 11,510 8,453 Stillwater 3 3,015 3,066 3,510 2,925 3,314 3,301 2,856 3,473 Other Minto 4 - - - - - 765 3,307 2,674 777 5,845 4,783 2,440 4,160 4,672 5,294 3,614 4,353 Total Other 5,845 4,783 2,440 4,160 4,672 6,059 6,921 7,027 Total gold ounces sold 90,101 92,804 100,405 89,223 94,766 90,077 115,020 102,813 Silver ounces sold Pe??asquito 7 1,799 1,917 2,310 1,268 1,233 912 1,164 901 Antamina 7 1,090 788 1,244 1,227 1,059 1,186 1,255 1,300 Constancia 7 415 254 350 672 521 478 735 629 Other Los Filos 7 19 25 37 26 44 26 38 15 Zinkgruvan 492 376 447 473 459 337 232 543 Yauliyacu 7 580 704 9 561 574 542 15 317 Stratoni 134 77 163 120 126 240 80 78 Minto 4 - - - - - 2 30 22 Neves-Corvo 201 236 204 154 243 194 265 240 Aljustrel 148 252 123 121 139 216 381 226 777 121 100 41 62 86 108 99 129 Total Other 1,695 1,770 1,024 1,517 1,671 1,665 1,140 1,570 Total silver ounces sold 4,999 4,729 4,928 4,684 4,484 4,241 4,294 4,400 Palladium ounces sold Stillwater 3 5,546 4,976 4,938 5,312 4,907 5,273 5,189 5,049 GEOs sold 5 157,478 156,188 166,121 152,514 155,116 148,004 173,464 162,340 SEOs sold 5 13,123 13,016 13,843 12,709 12,926 12,334 14,455 13,528 Cumulative payable ounces PBND 6 Gold 77,000 79,632 88,383 98,475 85,335 81,535 75,236 99,474 Silver 3,443 3,228 4,961 4,142 3,796 3,102 3,315 2,941 Palladium 4,616 4,883 4,875 4,872 4,163 4,504 4,754 5,282 GEO 5 124,473 124,877 154,420 154,672 136,441 124,765 121,349 141,804 SEO 5 10,373 10,406 12,868 12,889 11,370 10,397 10,112 11,817 1) All figures in thousands except gold and palladium ounces sold. 2) Comprised of the Coleman, Copper Cliff, Garson, Creighton and Totten gold interests. 3) Comprised of the Stillwater and East Boulder gold and palladium interests. 4) The Minto mine was placed into care and maintenance from October 2018 to October 2019. 5) GEOs and SEOs, which are provided to assist the reader, are based on the following commodity price assumptions: $1,500 per ounce gold; $18.00 per ounce silver; and $2,000 per ounce palladium, consistent with those used in estimating the Company's production guidance for 2020. 6) Payable gold, silver and palladium ounces produced but not yet delivered ("PBND") are based on management estimates. These figures may be updated in future periods as additional information is received. 7) Operations at these mines had been temporarily suspended during the second quarter of 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. During the third quarter of 2020, all of the operations were restarted. Results of Operations The operating results of the Company's reportable operating segments are summarized in the tables and commentary below. Three Months Ended September 30, 2020 Ounces Produced?? Ounces Sold Average Realized Price ($'s Per Ounce) Average Cash Cost ($'s Per Ounce) 3 Average Depletion ($'s Per Ounce) Sales Net Earnings Cash Flow From Operations Total Assets Gold Salobo 63,408 59,584 $ 1,902 $ 408 $ 374 $ 113,319 $ 66,700 $ 91,917 $ 2,529,258 Sudbury 4 5,068 7,858 1,929 400 831 15,161 5,485 12,018 327,352 Constancia 3,780 4,112 1,902 407 338 7,819 4,758 6,147 106,870 San Dimas 9,228 9,687 1,902 612 315 18,423 9,442 14,309 185,835 Stillwater 3,176 3,015 1,902 345 449 5,734 3,341 4,695 225,688 Other 5 7,110 5,845 1,929 423 305 11,278 7,022 8,804 9,184 91,770 90,101 $ 1,906 $ 428 $ 404 $ 171,734 $ 96,748 $ 137,890 $ 3,384,187 Silver Pe??asquito 1,992 1,799 $ 24.55 $ 4.26 $ 3.24 $ 44,154 $ 30,660 $ 36,492 $ 355,167 Antamina 1,516 1,090 24.55 4.67 8.74 26,758 12,139 21,666 641,521 Constancia 430 415 24.55 5.99 7.63 10,190 4,538 7,704 220,417 Other 6 2,090 1,695 24.98 8.37 1.94 42,332 24,859 24,333 475,613 6,028 4,999 $ 24.69 $ 5.89 $ 4.36 $ 123,434 $ 72,196 $ 90,195 $ 1,692,718 Palladium Stillwater 5,444 5,546 $ 2,182 $ 383 $ 428 $ 12,100 $ 7,604 $ 9,977 $ 243,354 Cobalt Voisey's Bay - - $ n.a. $ n.a. $ n.a. $ - $ - $ - $ 227,510 Operating results $ 307,268 $ 176,548 $ 238,062 $ 5,547,769 Other General and administrative $ (21,326) $ (7,239) Finance costs (2,766) (2,820) Other (2,624) 96 Income tax 43 - Total other $ (26,673) $ (9,963) $ 543,418 $ 149,875 $ 228,099 $ 6,091,187 1) All figures in thousands except gold and palladium ounces produced and sold and per ounce amounts. 2) Ounces produced represent the quantity of gold, silver and palladium contained in concentrate or dor?? prior to smelting or refining deductions. Production figures are based on information provided by the operators of the mining operations to which the mineral stream interests relate or management estimates in those situations where other information is not available. Certain production figures may be updated in future periods as additional information is received. 3) Refer to discussion on non-IFRS measure (iii) at the end of this press release. 4) Comprised of the operating Coleman, Copper Cliff, Garson, Creighton and Totten gold interests as well as the non-operating Stobie and Victor gold interests. 5) Comprised of the operating 777 and Minto gold interests in addition to the non-operating Rosemont gold interest. 6) Comprised of the operating Los Filos, Zinkgruvan, Yauliyacu, Stratoni, Neves-Corvo, Aljustrel, Minto and 777 silver interests as well as the non-operating Keno Hill,?? Loma de La Plata, Pascua-Lama and Rosemont silver interests. On a gold equivalent and silver equivalent basis, results for the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2020 were as follows: Three Months Ended September 30, 2020 Ounces Produced 1, 2 Ounces Sold 2 Average Realized Price ($'s Per Ounce) Average Cash Cost ($'s Per Ounce) 3 Cash Operating Margin ($'s Per Ounce) 4 Average Depletion ($'s Per Ounce) Gross Margin ($'s Per Ounce) Gold equivalent basis 5 171,370 157,478 $ ?? ??1,951 $ ?? ??445 $ ?? ??1,506 $ ?? ??385 $ ?? ??1,121 Silver equivalent basis 5 14,281 13,123 $ ?? 23.41 $ ?? 5.34 $ ?? 18.07 $ ?? 4.62 $ ?? 13.45 1) Ounces produced represent the quantity of gold, silver and palladium contained in concentrate or dor?? prior to smelting or refining deductions. Production figures are based on information provided by the operators of the mining operations to which the mineral stream interests relate or management estimates in those situations where other information is not available. Certain production figures may be updated in future periods as additional information is received. 2) Silver ounces produced and sold in thousands. 3) Refer to discussion on non-IFRS measure (iii) at the end of this press release. 4) Refer to discussion on non-IFRS measure (iv) at the end of this press release. 5) GEOs and SEOs, which are provided to assist the reader, are based on the following commodity price assumptions: $1,500 per ounce gold; $18.00 per ounce silver; and $2,000 per ounce palladium, consistent with those used in estimating the Company's production guidance for 2020. Three Months Ended September 30, 2019 Ounces Produced?? Ounces Sold Average Realized Price ($'s Per Ounce) Average Cash Cost ($'s Per Ounce) 3 Average Depletion ($'s Per Ounce) Sales Net Earnings Cash Flow From Operations Total Assets Gold Salobo 73,615 63,064 $ 1,471 $ 404 $ 383 $ 92,796 $ 43,155 $ 68,949 $ 2,627,534 Sudbury 4 6,082 7,600 1,470 400 819 11,176 1,908 7,828 350,101 Constancia 5,172 4,742 1,471 404 361 6,978 3,351 5,234 112,252 San Dimas 11,239 11,374 1,471 606 310 16,737 6,323 9,571 197,927 Stillwater 3,238 3,314 1,471 263 519 4,876 2,285 4,005 231,512 Other 5 4,278 4,672 1,470 419 462 6,870 2,754 4,912 15,089 103,624 94,766 $ 1,471 $ 424 $ 417 $ 139,433 $ 59,776 $ 100,499 $ 3,534,415 Silver Pe??asquito 2,026 1,233 $ 16.81 $ 4.21 $ 3.06 $ 20,721 $ 11,755 $ 15,531 $ 378,587 Antamina 1,223 1,059 16.80 3.46 8.73 17,792 4,885 14,420 679,521 Constancia 686 521 16.81 5.95 7.50 8,764 1,752 6,953 233,225 Other 6 2,104 1,671 17.57 6.70 2.79 29,354 13,510 16,895 492,029 6,039 4,484 $ 17.09 $ 5.16 $ 4.81 $ 76,631 $ 31,902 $ 53,799 $ 1,783,362 Palladium Stillwater 5,471 4,907 $ 1,535 $ 271 $ 470 $ 7,531 $ 3,897 $ 6,203 $ 252,465 Cobalt Voisey's Bay - - $ n.a. $ n.a. $ n.a. $ - $ - $ - $ 227,510 Operating results $ 223,595 $ 95,575 $ 160,501 $ 5,797,752 Other General and administrative $ (14,028) $ (6,823) Finance costs (11,871) (9,122) Other 3,533 (505) Income tax 2,751 (1,751) Total other $ (19,615) $ (18,201) $ 461,107 $ 75,960 $ 142,300 $ 6,258,859 1) All figures in thousands except gold and palladium ounces produced and sold and per ounce amounts. 2) Ounces produced represent the quantity of gold, silver and palladium contained in concentrate or dor?? prior to smelting or refining deductions. Production figures are based on information provided by the operators of the mining operations to which the mineral stream interests relate or management estimates in those situations where other information is not available. Certain production figures may be updated in future periods as additional information is received. 3) Refer to discussion on non-IFRS measure (iii) at the end of this press release. 4) Comprised of the operating Coleman, Copper Cliff, Garson, Creighton and Totten gold interests as well as the non-operating Stobie and Victor gold interests. 5) Comprised of the operating 777 gold interest in addition to the non-operating Minto and Rosemont gold interests. The Minto mine was placed into care and maintenance from October 2018 to October 2019. 6) Comprised of the operating Los Filos, Zinkgruvan, Yauliyacu, Stratoni, Aljustrel, Neves-Corvo and 777 silver interests as well as the non-operating Keno Hill, Minto, Loma de La Plata, Pascua-Lama and Rosemont silver interests. The Minto mine was placed into care and maintenance from October 2018 to October 2019. On a gold equivalent and silver equivalent basis, results for the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2019 were as follows: Three Months Ended September 30, 2019 Ounces Produced 1, 2 Ounces Sold 2 Average Realized Price ($'s Per Ounce) Average Cash Cost ($'s Per Ounce) 3 Cash Operating Margin ($'s Per Ounce) 4 Average Depletion ($'s Per Ounce) Gross Margin ($'s Per Ounce) Gold equivalent basis 5 183,394 155,116 $ ?? ??1,441 $ ?? ??417 $ ?? ??1,024 $ ?? ??409 $ ?? ??615 Silver equivalent basis 5 15,283 12,926 $ ?? 17.30 $ ?? 5.00 $ ?? 12.30 $ ?? 4.90 $ ?? 7.40 1) Ounces produced represent the quantity of gold, silver and palladium contained in concentrate or dor?? prior to smelting or refining deductions. Production figures are based on information provided by the operators of the mining operations to which the mineral stream interests relate or management estimates in those situations where other information is not available. Certain production figures may be updated in future periods as additional information is received. 2) Silver ounces produced and sold in thousands. 3) Refer to discussion on non-IFRS measure (iii) at the end of this press release. 4) Refer to discussion on non-IFRS measure (iv) at the end of this press release. 5) GEOs and SEOs, which are provided to assist the reader, are based on the following commodity price assumptions: $1,500 per ounce gold; $18.00 per ounce silver; and $2,000 per ounce palladium, consistent with those used in estimating the Company's production guidance for 2020. Non-IFRS Measures Wheaton has included, throughout this document, certain non-IFRS performance measures, including (i) adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share; (ii) operating cash flow per share (basic and diluted); (iii) average cash costs of gold, silver and palladium on a per ounce basis; (iv) cash operating margin; and (v) net debt. i. Adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share are calculated by removing the effects of the non-cash impairment charges, non-cash fair value (gains) losses and other one-time (income) expenses as well as the reversal of non-cash income tax expense (recovery) which is offset by income tax expense (recovery) recognized in the Statements of Shareholders' Equity and OCI, respectively. The Company believes that, in addition to conventional measures prepared in accordance with IFRS, management and certain investors use this information to evaluate the Company's performance. The following table provides a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share (basic and diluted). Three Months Ended September 30 (in thousands, except for per share amounts) 2020 2019 Net earnings $ 149,875 $ 75,960 Add back (deduct): (Gain) loss on fair value adjustment of share purchase warrants held 1,107 (2) (Gain) loss on fair value adjustment of convertible notes receivable 1,095 (386) Gain on disposal of mineral royalty interest - (2,929) Income tax expense (recovery) recognized in the Statement of Shareholders' Equity (92) (45) Income tax expense (recovery) recognized in the Statement of OCI (9) (2,733) Other 31 49 Adjusted net earnings $ 152,007 $ 69,914 Divided by: Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding 449,125 446,802 Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 451,999 447,849 Equals: Adjusted earnings per share - basic $ 0.338 $ 0.156 Adjusted earnings per share - diluted $ 0.336 $ 0.156 ii. Operating cash flow per share (basic and diluted) is calculated by dividing cash generated by operating activities by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (basic and diluted). The Company presents operating cash flow per share as management and certain investors use this information to evaluate the Company's performance in comparison to other companies in the precious metal mining industry who present results on a similar basis. The following table provides a reconciliation of operating cash flow per share (basic and diluted). Three Months Ended September 30 (in thousands, except for per share amounts) 2020 2019 Cash generated by operating activities $ 228,099 $ 142,300 Divided by: Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding 449,125 446,802 Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 451,999 447,849 Equals: Operating cash flow per share - basic $ 0.508 $ 0.318 Operating cash flow per share - diluted $ 0.505 $ 0.318 iii. Average cash cost of gold, silver and palladium on a per ounce basis is calculated by dividing the total cost of sales, less depletion, by the ounces sold. In the precious metal mining industry, this is a common performance measure but does not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS. In addition to conventional measures prepared in accordance with IFRS, management and certain investors use this information to evaluate the Company's performance and ability to generate cash flow. The following table provides a reconciliation of average cash cost of gold, silver and palladium on a per ounce basis. Three Months Ended September 30 (in thousands, except for gold and palladium ounces sold and per ounce amounts) 2020 2019 Cost of sales $ 130,720 $ 128,020 Less:?? depletion (60,601) (63,396) Cash cost of sales $ 70,119 $ 64,624 Cash cost of sales is comprised of: Total cash cost of gold sold $ 38,570 $ 40,154 Total cash cost of silver sold 29,426 23,142 Total cash cost of palladium sold 2,123 1,328 Total cash cost of sales $ 70,119 $ 64,624 Divided by: Total gold ounces sold 90,101 94,766 Total silver ounces sold 4,999 4,484 Total palladium ounces sold 5,546 4,907 Equals: Average cash cost of gold (per ounce) $ 428 $ 424 Average cash cost of silver (per ounce) $ 5.89 $ 5.16 Average cash cost of palladium (per ounce) $ 383 $ 271 iv. Cash operating margin is calculated by subtracting the average cash cost of gold, silver and palladium on a per ounce basis from the average realized selling price of gold, silver and palladium on a per ounce basis. The Company presents cash operating margin as management and certain investors use this information to evaluate the Company's performance in comparison to other companies in the precious metal mining industry who present results on a similar basis as well as to evaluate the Company's ability to generate cash flow. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash operating margin. Three Months Ended September 30 (in thousands, except for gold and palladium ounces sold and per ounce amounts) 2020 2019 Total sales: Gold $ 171,734 $ 139,433 Silver $ 123,434 $ 76,631 Palladium $ 12,100 $ 7,531 Divided by: Total gold ounces sold 90,101 94,766 Total silver ounces sold 4,999 4,484 Total palladium ounces sold 5,546 4,907 Equals: Average realized price of gold (per ounce) $ 1,906 $ 1,471 Average realized price of silver (per ounce) $ 24.69 $ 17.09 Average realized price of palladium (per ounce) $ 2,182 $ 1,535 Less: Average cash cost of gold 1 (per ounce) $ (428) $ (424) Average cash cost of silver 1 (per ounce) $ (5.89) $ (5.16) Average cash cost of palladium 1 (per ounce) $ (383) $ (271) Equals: Cash operating margin per gold ounce sold $ 1,478 $ 1,047 As a percentage of realized price of gold 78% 71% Cash operating margin per silver ounce sold $ 18.80 $ 11.93 As a percentage of realized price of silver 76% 70% Cash operating margin per palladium ounce sold $ 1,799 $ 1,264 As a percentage of realized price of palladium 82% 82% 1) Please refer to non-IFRS measure (iii), above. v. Net debt is calculated by subtracting cash and cash equivalents from the outstanding bank debt under the Revolving Facility. The Company presents net debt as management and certain investors use this information to evaluate the Company's liquidity and financial position. The following table provides a calculation of the Company's net debt. As at September 30 As at December 31 (in thousands) 2020 2019 Bank debt $ 487,500 $ 874,500 Less: cash and cash equivalents (209,834) (103,986) Net debt $ 277,666 $ 770,514 These non-IFRS measures do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS, and other companies may calculate these measures differently. The presentation of these non-IFRS measures is intended to provide additional information and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with IFRS.
Wausau Paper Corp. (Wausau Paper) manufactures, converts, and sells paper and paper products. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had five operating facilities located in four states. The Company operates in two principal segments: Tissue and Paper, with both business segments marketing their products under the Wausau Paper brand name. The Tissue segment produces a complete line of towel and tissue products that are marketed, along with soap and dispensing systems, for the away-from-home market. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Paper segment produced specialty and fine printing and writing papers within four core markets - Food, Industrial and Tape, Coated and Liner, and Print and Color. In January 2012, the Company sold print and color brands to Neenah Paper, Inc. of Alpharetta, Georgia. In June 2013, Wausau Paper Corp closed the sale of its specialty paper business to Expera Specialty Solutions, LLC.
Westport Innovations Inc. provides low-emission engine and fuel system technologies utilizing gaseous fuels. The company??s technology and products enable light, medium, heavy-duty, and high horsepower petroleum-based fuel engines and vehicles to use primarily natural gas and alternative fuels. It designs, manufactures, and sells compressed natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, and liquefied natural gas (LNG) components and subsystems to original equipment manufacturers. The company also designs and manufactures a range of components, such as pressure regulators, injectors, electronic control units, valves, and filters; sells monofuel, bi-fuel, and dual-fuel diesel blend conversion kits; and offers engine management systems and solutions. In addition, it engineers, designs, assembles, and sells natural gas engine and vehicle systems for automotive, light commercial, and trucking applications; and provides aftermarket conversion products, alternative fuel systems, and application engineering services. Further, the company offers LNG products for fuel in large and off-road engine applications, including rail, mining, marine, and oil and gas; industrial engines for material handling; and products for forklift and oilfield applications. Additionally, it provides engines for use in transit, school and shuttle buses, conventional trucks and tractors, and refuse collection trucks, as well as specialty vehicles, such as short-haul port drayage trucks and street sweepers; and develops, manufactures, and sells alternative fuel engines and parts that are used in city bus, coach, and heavy-duty truck applications. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.
WPX is an independent energy producer with core positions in the Permian and Williston basins. WPX?€?s production is approximately 80 percent oil/liquids and 20 percent natural gas. The company also has an infrastructure portfolio in the Permian Basin.
Founded in 1967, W. R. Berkley Corporation is an insurance holding company that is among the largest commercial lines writers in the United States and operates worldwide in two segments of the property casualty business: Insurance and Reinsurance & Monoline Excess. Forward Looking Information This is a ?€?Safe Harbor?€? Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
W.R. Berkley Corporation 5.900% Subordinated Debentures due 2056
W.R. Berkley Corporation 5.75% Subordinated Debentures due 2056
W.R. Berkley Corporation 5.70% Subordinated Debentures due 2058
W. R. Berkley Corporation 5.10 DB REDEEM 30122059 USD 25
W.R. Berkley Corp
Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRIT) is a self-administered, self-managed, real estate investment trust (REIT). WRIT's business consists of the ownership and operation of income-producing real property in the greater Washington metro region. It owns a diversified portfolio of office buildings, medical office buildings, multifamily buildings and retail centers. As of December 31, 2012, it owned a diversified portfolio of 70 properties, totaling approximately 8.6 million square feet of commercial space and 2,540 residential units, and land held for development. These 70 properties consist of 26 office properties, 17 medical office properties, 16 retail centers and 11 multifamily properties. In September 2012, it sold 1700 Research Boulevard. In March 2013, it sold of The Atrium Building, an 80,000 square foot office building located in Rockville, Maryland. In October 2013, it acquired The Paramount, an apartment building with 135 units and 3,600 square feet of retail space.
Weingarten Realty Investors is a shopping center owner, manager and developer. At June 30, 2020, the Company owned or operated under long-term leases, either directly or through its interest in real estate joint ventures or partnerships, a total of 165 properties which are located in 16 states spanning the country from coast to coast. These properties represent approximately 31.4 million square feet of which our interests in these properties aggregated approximately 21.3 million square feet of leasable area.
WestRock partners with our customers to provide differentiated paper and packaging solutions that help them win in the marketplace. WestRock?€?s team members support customers around the world from locations spanning North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia.
Founded in 1962, Greenville, S.C.-based World Acceptance Corporation is one of North America's largest small-loan consumer finance companies. The company offers short and medium-term installment loans, related credit insurance and a range of ancillary financial products and services to individuals that may include those with limited access to other sources of consumer credit.
No Description Available
Wrap Technologies Inc
WesBanco, Inc. (WesBanco) is a bank holding company. The Company offers a range of financial services, including retail banking, corporate banking, personal and corporate trust services, brokerage services, mortgage banking and insurance. WesBanco offers these services through two segments: community banking, and trust and investment services. At December 31, 2011, WesBanco operated one commercial bank, WesBanco Bank, Inc., (WesBanco Bank or the Bank) through 112 offices, one loan production office and 122 automated teller machines (ATM) located in West Virginia, Ohio, and Western Pennsylvania. Total assets of WesBanco Bank as of December 31, 2011 approximated $5.5 billion. WesBanco Bank also offers trust and investment services and various alternative investment products, including mutual funds and annuities. In April 2013, Red River Bancshares Inc acquired the entire share capital of Fidelity Bancorp, Inc., from the Company.

Financial, Inc. Waterstone Financial, Inc. is the savings and loan holding company for WaterStone Bank. WaterStone Bank was established in 1921 and offers a full suite of personal and business banking products. The Bank has branches in Wauwatosa/State St, Brookfield, Fox Point/North Shore,??Franklin/Hales Corners, Germantown/Menomonee Falls, Greenfield/Loomis Rd, Milwaukee/Oklahoma Ave, Oak Creek/27 th St, Oak Creek/Howell Ave, Oconomowoc/Lake Country, Pewaukee, Waukesha, West Allis/Greenfield Ave, and West Allis/National Ave, Wisconsin. WaterStone Bank is the parent company to Waterstone Mortgage, which has the ability to lend in 48 states.
WillScot trades on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol "WSC," and is a specialty rental services market leader providing innovative modular space and portable storage solutions across North America. WillScot is the modular space supplier of choice for the construction, education, health care, government, retail, commercial, transportation, security and energy sectors. With over half a century of innovative history, organic growth and strategic acquisitions, WillScot serves a broad customer base from approximately 120 locations throughout the U.S., Canada and Mexico, with a fleet of approximately 150,000 modular space and portable storage units. About Mobile Mini Mobile Mini, Inc. is the world?€?s leading provider of portable storage solutions through its total rental fleet of approximately 200,500 storage solutions containers and office units and a leading provider of tank and pump solutions in the U.S., with a rental fleet of approximately 12,800 units. Mobile Mini?€?s network is comprised of 155 locations in the U.S., U.K., and Canada. Mobile Mini is included on the Russell 2000?? and 3000?? Indexes and the S&P Small Cap Index.
WSFS Financial Corporation??is a multi-billion-dollar financial services company. Its primary subsidiary, WSFS Bank, is the oldest and largest locally managed bank and trust company headquartered in Delaware and the greater??Philadelphia??region. As of??September??30, 2020,??WSFS Financial Corporation had??$13.8 billion??in assets on its balance sheet and??$23.1 billion??in assets under management and administration. WSFS operates from 115 offices, 90 of which are banking offices, located in Pennsylvania (54),??Delaware??(43),??New Jersey??(16),??Virginia??(1) and??Nevada??(1) and provides comprehensive financial services including commercial banking, retail banking, cash management and trust and wealth management. Other subsidiaries or divisions include Arrow Land Transfer, Cash Connect ??, Cypress Capital Management, LLC,??Christiana Trust Company of Delaware, NewLane Finance, Powdermill Financial Solutions,??West Capital Management, WSFS Institutional Services ??, WSFS Mortgage, and WSFS Wealth Investments. Serving the greater??Delaware Valley??since 1832,??WSFS Bank is one of the ten oldest banks in??the United States??continuously operating under the same name.

Since its founding by Chuck Williams in 1956, the Williams Sonoma brand has been bringing people together around food. A member of Williams-Sonoma, Inc. portfolio of brands, Williams Sonoma is a leading specialty retailer of high-quality products for the kitchen and home, providing world-class service and an engaging customer experience. Products include cookware, cooks?€? tools, cutlery, electrics, bakeware, food, tabletop and bar, outdoor, cookbooks, as well as furniture, lighting and decorative accessories. Each store offers cooking classes and tastings conducted by expert culinary staff. A comprehensive gift registry program for weddings and other special events is available in stores and online. On williams-sonoma.com and the Williams Sonoma blog, Taste, customers can find recipes, tips, and techniques that help them create delicious meals. Williams Sonoma can also be found on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest, and YouTube. Williams Sonoma is also part of The Key Rewards, a free-to-join loyalty program that offers members exclusive benefits across the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. family of brands. About Ghetto Gastro Jon Gray, Pierre Serrao and Lester Walker are the Bronx-born culinary collective known as Ghetto Gastro. The Bronx is part of the team's lifeblood, and every piece of the Ghetto Gastro universe is meant to uplift and celebrate the borough, and other places like it, as an unsung driver of global culture. Through immersive culinary experiences produced with the conceptual approach of art installations, they spark larger conversations around inclusion, race, and economic empowerment. www.ghettogastro.com About CRUX Inspired by the city?€?s style and resilience, CRUX was born in NYC in 2016 to empower a generation of youthful cooking enthusiasts to create groundbreaking culinary experiences at home. CRUX has been revolutionizing the kitchenware space since its inception and was one of the first to bring the affordable air fryer to market in 2017. With the ability to conceptualize kitchenware ideas without sacrificing premium design, simplicity and accessibility, CRUX has distinguished itself as a trailblazing category-buster at the intersection of culture and innovation. CRUX is part of the Made by Gather??? portfolio of brands. Founded in 2003 by entrepreneur Shae Hong, Made by Gather designs and manufactures a portfolio of kitchen essential brands, built with empathy, for the cost-conscious, design-savvy consumer. Made by Gather brands can be found online and in store at major retailers nationwide. WSM-PR
Watsco??is the largest distribution network for heating, air conditioning and refrigeration (HVAC/R) products with locations in??the United States,??Canada,??Mexico??and??Puerto Rico, and on an export basis to??Latin America??and the??Caribbean. Watsco??estimates that more than 300,000 contractors and technicians visit or call one of its 603 locations each year to get information, obtain technical support and buy products. HVAC/R products provide comfort to homes and businesses regardless of the outdoor climate. Older systems often operate below today?€?s government mandated energy efficiency and environmental standards. Watsco??has an opportunity to accelerate the replacement of these systems at a scale greater than its competitors as the movement toward reducing energy consumption and its environmental impact continues. This is especially important since heating and cooling accounts for approximately half of the energy consumed in a typical U.S. home.
Watsco, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, distributes air conditioning, heating, and refrigeration equipment; and related parts and supplies in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Puerto Rico. The company distributes equipment, including residential central air conditioners; gas, electric, and oil furnaces; commercial air conditioning and heating equipment and systems; and other specialized equipment. It also distributes various parts comprising replacement compressors, evaporator coils, motors, and other component parts; and supplies, such as thermostats, insulation material, refrigerants, ductwork, grills, registers, sheet metal, tools, copper tubing, concrete pads, tapes, adhesives, and other ancillary supplies. The company serves contractors and dealers who service the replacement and new construction markets for residential and light commercial central air conditioning, heating, and refrigeration systems. It also exports its products to Latin America and the Caribbean Basin. Watsco, Inc. was founded in 1945 and is headquartered in Miami, Florida.
Whitestone is a community-centered shopping center REIT that acquires, owns, manages, develops and redevelops high-quality open-air neighborhood centers primarily in the largest, fastest-growing and most affluent markets in the Sunbelt. Whitestone seeks to create communities that thrive through creating local connections between consumers in the surrounding communities and a well-crafted mix of national, regional and local tenants that provide daily necessities, needed services, entertainment and experiences. Whitestone is a monthly dividend paying stock and has consistently paid dividends for over 15 years. Whitestone?€?s strong, balanced and managed capital structure provides stability and flexibility for growth and positions Whitestone to perform well through economic cycles.
West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (West) is a manufacturer of components and systems for the packaging and delivery of injectable drugs, as well as delivery system components for the pharmaceutical, healthcare and consumer products industries. Its business operations are organized into two segments: Pharmaceutical Packaging Systems segment (Packaging Systems) and the Pharmaceutical Delivery Systems segment (Delivery Systems). Its products include stoppers and seals for vials, prefillable syringe components and systems, components for intravenous and blood collection systems, safety and administration systems, advanced injection systems, and contract design and manufacturing services. Its customers include the global producers and distributors of pharmaceuticals, biologics, medical devices and personal care products.
Wayside Technology Group, Inc. is an IT channel company and parent of Climb Channel Solutions, an international value-added distributor for Emerging Technology Vendors with solutions for Security, Data Management, Connectivity, Storage & HCI, Virtualization & Cloud and Software & ALM. Climb provides vendors access to thousands of VARs, MSPs, CSPs and other resellers. Climb holds an IT-70 GSA contract vehicle that provides resellers and vendors with a competitive edge within the Public Sector.
Westell is a leading provider of high-performance network infrastructure solutions focused on innovation and differentiation at the edge of communication networks where end users connect. The Company's portfolio of products and solutions enable service providers and network operators to improve performance and reduce operating expenses. With millions of products successfully deployed worldwide, Westell is a trusted partner for transforming networks into high-quality reliable systems.
West Bancorporation, Inc. operates as the holding company for West Bank that provides community banking and trust services to individuals and small to medium-sized businesses in the United States. It offers various deposit products, including checking, demand, savings, and money market accounts, as well as time certificates of deposit. The company also provides loan products comprising commercial real estate loans, construction or land development loans, commercial lines of credit, commercial term loans, consumer and real estate loans, and residential mortgages. In addition, it offers trust services, including the administration of estates, conservatorships, personal trusts, and agency accounts. As of April 24, 2014, the company had eight full-service offices in the Des Moines metropolitan area; two full-service offices in Iowa city; one full-service office in Coralville; and an office in Rochester, Minnesota. West Bancorporation was founded in 1893 and is headquartered in West Des Moines, Iowa.
The Alkaline Wat
No Description Available
Wintrust Financial Corporation, a financial holding company, through its subsidiaries, provides various banking and other financial products and services to customers in the Chicago metropolitan area and in Southeastern Wisconsin. It operates in three segments: Community Banking, Specialty Finance, and Wealth Management. The Community Banking segment offers personal and commercial banking, and other financial services primarily to individuals, small to mid-sized businesses, local governmental units, and institutional customers. It provides deposit products, such as non-interest bearing deposits, non-brokered interest-bearing transaction accounts, savings deposits, and domestic time deposits; loans comprising home equity, consumer, and real estate loans; safe deposit facilities; and automated teller machines, Internet banking, and other services. This segment is also involved in the origination and purchase of residential mortgages for sale into the secondary market; and cash management services to condominium, homeowner and community associations, as well as asset-based lending for middle-market companies. The Specialty Finance segment offers commercial insurance premium and life insurance premium financing services for businesses and individuals; short-term accounts receivable financing services; and outsourced administrative services, including payrolls data processing, billing, and cash management services to the temporary staffing industry. The Wealth Management segment provides a range of wealth management services, including trust and investment, asset management, securities brokerage services, and retirement plan services. As of December 31, 2014, it had approximately 140 banking locations in the greater Chicago and southern Wisconsin market areas. Wintrust Financial Corporation was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Rosemont, Illinois.

W&T Offshore, Inc. is an independent oil and natural gas producer with operations offshore in the Gulf of Mexico and has grown through acquisitions, exploration and development. The Company currently has working interests in 50 producing fields in federal and state waters and has under lease approximately 772,000 gross acres, including approximately 557,000 gross acres on the Gulf of Mexico Shelf and approximately 215,000 gross acres in the Gulf of Mexico deepwater. A majority of the Company?€?s daily production is derived from wells it operates.
White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. conducts its businesses through its property and casualty insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries and affiliates. It operates in OneBeacon, Sirius Group, HG Global/BAM and Other Operations. The OneBeacon segment consists of OneBeacon Insurance Group, Ltd., a company that owns a family of the United States-based property and casualty insurance companies. The Sirius Group segment consists of Sirius International Insurance Group, Ltd. and its subsidiaries. The HG Global/BAM segment consists of White Mountains' investment in HG Global Ltd. (HG Global) and the results of Build America Mutual Assurance Company (BAM). In April 2013, White Mountains Solutions Holding Company, Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company announced that it had completed the acquisition of American Fuji Fire and Marine Insurance Company.
Watford Holdings Ltd. is a global property and casualty insurance and reinsurance company with approximately $1.0 billion in capital as of June 30, 2020, comprised of $172.6 million of senior notes, $52.4 million of contingently redeemable preference shares and $776.2 million of common shareholders?€? equity, and with operations in Bermuda, the United States and Europe. Its operating subsidiaries have been assigned financial strength ratings of ?€?A-?€? (Excellent) from A.M. Best and ?€?A?€? from Kroll Bond Rating Agency. On May 1, 2020, A.M. Best announced that it had placed under review with negative implications the financial strength ratings of Watford's operating subsidiaries. On May 7, 2020, Kroll Bond Rating Agency affirmed the ?€?A?€? insurance financial strength ratings of Watford's operating subsidiaries as well as the ?€?BBB+?€? credit rating of Watford Holdings Ltd., with the outlook for all ratings revised to negative.
Watford Holdings Ltd 8.50 PRF PERPETUAL USD 25
Aqua America is the second-largest publicly traded water utility based in the U.S. and serves over 3 million people in Pennsylvania, Ohio, North Carolina, Illinois, Texas, New Jersey, Indiana and Virginia. Aqua America is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol WTR.
Founded in 2013 and based in Lafayette, Louisiana, Waitr is a leader in on-demand food ordering and delivery. Waitr, and its sister brand Bite Squad, connects local restaurants and grocery stores to hungry diners in underserved U.S. markets. Together they are a convenient way to discover, order and receive great food from local restaurants, grocery stores and national chains. As of March 31, 2020, Waitr and Bite Squad operated in small and medium sized markets in the United States in over 600 cities.
Aqua America Inc Tangible Equity Unit
Watts Water Technologies, Inc., through its family of companies, is a global manufacturer headquartered in the USA that provides one of the broadest plumbing, heating, and water quality product lines in the world. Watts Water companies and brands offer innovative plumbing, heating, and water quality solutions for residential, commercial, and industrial applications. The company employs 4,800 people across 24 countries.
Wireless Telecom Group, Inc., comprised of Boonton, CommAgility, Holzworth, Microlab and Noisecom, is a global designer and manufacturer of advanced RF and microwave components, modules, systems, and instruments. Serving the wireless, telecommunication, satellite, military, aerospace, semiconductor and medical industries, Wireless Telecom Group products enable innovation across a wide range of traditional and emerging wireless technologies. With a unique set of high-performance products including peak power meters, signal generators, phase noise analyzers, signal processing modules, LTE PHY/stack software, power splitters and combiners, GPS repeaters, public safety components, noise sources, and programmable noise generators, Wireless Telecom Group enables the development, testing, and deployment of wireless technologies around the globe. Wireless Telecom Group is headquartered in Parsippany, New Jersey, in the New York City metropolitan area, and maintains a global network of Sales and Service offices for excellent product service and support. Wireless Telecom Group?€?s website address is http://www.wirelesstelecomgroup.com. Contact: Michael Kandell: +1 (973) 386-9696 Wireless Telecom Group Inc. 25 Eastmans Road Parsippany, NJ 07054 Tel: (973) 386-9696 Fax: (973) 386-9191 www.wtcom.com Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) (In thousands, except per share amounts, Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 2020 2019 2020 2019 Net revenues $ 10,868 $ 10,812 $ 31,404 $ 37,353 Cost of revenues 5,214 5,987 15,655 20,668 Gross profit 5,654 4,825 15,749 16,685 Operating expenses Research and development 1,826 1,343 5,080 4,556 Sales and marketing 1,732 1,753 5,111 5,718 General and administrative 2,444 2,407 7,322 7,341 Total operating expenses 6,002 5,503 17,513 17,615 Operating loss (348 ) (678 ) (1,764 ) (930 ) Other income/(expense) (43 ) 108 252 273 Interest (expense) (256 ) (60 ) (727 ) (248 ) Loss before taxes (647 ) (630 ) (2,239 ) (905 ) Tax provision/(benefit) 128 (169 ) 352 (256 ) Net Loss $ (775 ) $ (461 ) $ (2,591 ) $ (649 ) Other comprehensive income/(loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments 565 (491 ) (406 ) (566 ) Comprehensive loss $ (210 ) $ (952 ) $ (2,997 ) $ (1,215 ) Loss per share: Basic $ (0.04 ) $ (0.02 ) $ (0.12 ) $ (0.03 ) Diluted $ (0.04 ) $ (0.02 ) $ (0.12 ) $ (0.03 ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic 21,703 20,866 21,643 20,854 Diluted 21,703 20,866 21,643 20,854 In periods with a net loss, the basic loss per share equals the diluted loss per share as all common stock equivalents are excluded from the per share calculation because they are anti-dilutive. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (In thousands, except number of shares and par value) (Unaudited) September 30 2020 December 31 2019 CURRENT ASSETS Cash & cash equivalents $ 2,203 $ 4,245 Accounts receivable - net of reserves of $42 and $69, respectively 8,040 6,152 Inventories - net of reserves of $1,082 and $969, respectively 9,074 7,325 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 2,074 1,871 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 21,391 19,593 PROPERTY PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - NET 1,898 2,147 OTHER ASSETS Goodwill 15,881 10,069 Acquired intangible assets, net 5,479 2,219 Deferred income taxes 4,956 6,013 Right of use assets 1,814 1,436 Other 1,617 874 TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 29,747 20,611 TOTAL ASSETS $ 53,036 $ 42,351 CURRENT LIABILITIES Short term debt $ 84 $ 2,696 Accounts payable 1,894 2,227 Short term leases 527 440 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 8,497 2,657 Deferred revenue 170 42 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 11,172 8,062 LONG TERM LIABILITIES Long term debt 9,290 - Long term leases 1,338 1,018 Other long term liabilities 89 77 Deferred tax liability 492 503 TOTAL LONG TERM LIABILITIES 11,209 1,598 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES SHAREHOLDERS?€? EQUITY Preferred stock, $.01 par value, 2,000,000 shares authorized, none issued - - Common stock, $.01 par value, 75,000,000 shares authorized 34,905,571 and 34,488,252 shares issued, 21,695,010 and 21,300,252 shares outstanding 349 345 Additional paid in capital 50,049 49,062 Retained earnings 4,552 7,142 Treasury stock at cost, 13,210,561 and 13,188,000 shares (24,540 ) (24,509 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income 245 651 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS?€? EQUITY 30,655 32,691 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS?€? EQUITY $ 53,036 $ 42,351 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands, unaudited) For the Nine Months Ended September 30 2020 2019 CASH FLOWS USED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net Loss $ (2,591 ) $ (649 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 1,631 1,671 Amortization of debt issuance fees 215 47 Share-based compensation expense 360 560 Deferred rent (22 ) (18 ) Deferred income taxes 1,057 (309 ) Provision for doubtful accounts (28 ) 20 Inventory reserves 119 139 Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisition: Accounts receivable (1,343 ) 520 Inventories (461 ) (1,627 ) Prepaid expenses and other assets (226 ) 993 Accounts payable (451 ) (567 ) Payment of contingent consideration - (772 ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities 888 (1,635 ) Net cash used by operating activities (852 ) (1,627 ) CASH FLOWS USED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures (228 ) (339 ) Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired (7,189 ) (426 ) Net cash used by investing activities (7,417 ) (765 ) CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES Revolver borrowings 27,432 27,408 Revolver repayments (29,786 ) (26,333 ) Term loan borrowings 8,400 - Term loan repayments (405 ) (114 ) Debt issuance fees (1,305 ) - Paycheck protection program loan 2,045 - Payment of contingent consideration - (782 ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options 15 - Shares withheld for employee taxes (31 ) - Net cash provided by financing activities 6,365 179 Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents (138 ) (67 ) NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (2,042 ) (2,280 ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Beginning of Period 4,245 5,015 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF PERIOD $ 2,203 $ 2,735 SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: Cash paid during the period for interest $ 527 $ 143 Cash paid during the period for income taxes $ 53 $ 69 NET REVENUE AND GROSS PROFIT BY PRODUCT GROUP (In thousands, Unaudited) Three months ended September 30, Revenue % of Revenue Change 2020 2019 2020 2019 Amount Pct. RF components $ 4,418 $ 5,185 40.7 % 48.0 % $ (767 ) -14.8 % Test and measurement 5,797 2,996 53.3 % 27.7 % 2,801 93.5 % Radio, baseband, software 653 2,631 6.0 % 24.3 % (1,978 ) -75.2 % Total net revenues $ 10,868 $ 10,812 100.0 % 100.0 % $ 56 0.5 % Three months ended September 30, Gross Profit Gross Profit % Change 2020 2019 2020 2019 Amount Pct. RF components $ 1,927 $ 2,104 43.6 % 40.6 % $ (177 ) -8.4 % Test and measurement 3,182 1,497 54.9 % 50.0 % 1,685 112.6 % Radio, baseband, software 545 1,224 83.5 % 46.5 % (679 ) -55.5 % Total gross profit $ 5,654 $ 4,825 52.0 % 44.6 % $ 829 17.2 % Nine months ended September 30, Revenue % of Revenue Change 2020 2019 2020 2019 Amount Pct. RF components $ 14,555 $ 16,518 46.4 % 44.2 % $ (1,963 ) -11.9 % Test and measurement 14,013 9,219 44.6 % 24.7 % 4,794 52.0 % Radio, baseband, software 2,836 11,616 9.0 % 31.1 % (8,780 ) -75.6 % Total net revenues $ 31,404 $ 37,353 100.0 % 100.0 % $ (5,949 ) -15.9 % Nine months ended September 30, Gross Profit Gross Profit % Change 2020 2019 2020 2019 Amount Pct. RF components $ 6,576 $ 6,893 45.2 % 41.7 % $ (317 ) -4.6 % Test and measurement 7,451 4,843 53.2 % 52.5 % 2,608 53.9 % Radio, baseband, software 1,722 4,949 60.7 % 42.6 % (3,227 ) -65.2 % Total gross profit $ 15,749 $ 16,685 50.1 % 44.7 % $ (936 ) -5.6 % RECONCILIATION OF NET INCOME TO NON-GAAP EBITDA AND NON-GAAP ADJUSTED EBITDA (In thousands, Unaudited) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 2020 2019 2020 2019 GAAP net income/(loss), as reported $ (775 ) $ (461 ) $ (2,591 ) $ (649 ) Tax provision/(benefit) 128 (169 ) 352 (256 ) Depreciation and amortization expense 579 474 1,628 1,671 Interest expense 256 60 727 248 Non-GAAP EBITDA 188 (96 ) 116 1,014 Stock compensation 151 160 360 560 Merger and acquisition/integration 15 - 243 - Restructuring costs 46 123 119 123 Inventory impairment recovery (14 ) (13 ) (26 ) (18 ) US GAAP purchase accounting 258 - 548 - FX (gain)/loss 95 (108 ) (140 ) (257 ) Non recurring arbitration legal costs (17 ) 31 (14 ) 156 Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA $ 722 $ 97 $ 1,206 $ 1,578 RECONCILIATION OF GAAP OPEX TO NON-GAAP OPEX (In thousands, Unaudited) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 2020 2019 2020 2019 GAAP Opex $ 6,002 $ 5,503 $ 17,513 $ 17,615 Stock compensation (151 ) (160 ) (360 ) (559 ) Merger and acquisition/integration (15 ) - (243 ) - Restructuring costs (46 ) (123 ) (119 ) (123 ) US GAAP purchase accounting - - (100 ) - Depreciation & amortization (ex. COGS) (478 ) (421 ) (1,356 ) (1,479 ) Non recurring arbitration legal costs 17 (31 ) 14 (156 ) Non GAAP Opex $ 5,329 $ 4,768 $ 15,349 $ 15,298

The Western Union Company is a global leader in cross-border, cross-currency money movement and payments. Our omnichannel platform connects the digital and physical worlds and makes it possible for consumers and businesses to send and receive money and make payments with speed, ease, and reliability. As of September 30, 2020, our network included over 550,000 retail agent locations offering our branded services in more than 200 countries and territories, with the capability to send money to billions of accounts. Additionally, westernunion.com, our fastest growing channel in 2019, is available in over 75 countries, plus additional territories, to move money around the world. With our global reach, Western Union moves money for better, connecting family, friends, and businesses to enable financial inclusion and support economic growth.
Wave Life Sciences is a clinical-stage genetic medicines company committed to delivering life-changing treatments for people battling devastating diseases. Wave aspires to develop best-in-class medicines across multiple therapeutic modalities using PRISM, the company?€?s proprietary discovery and drug development platform that enables the precise design, optimization and production of stereopure oligonucleotides. Driven by a resolute sense of urgency, the Wave team is targeting a broad range of genetically defined diseases so that patients and families may realize a brighter future.
WVS Financial Corp. (WVS) is the holding company of West View Savings Bank (West View). West View Savings Bank is a Pennsylvania-chartered, insured stock savings bank conducting business from six offices in the North Hills suburbs of Pittsburgh. The principal categories of loans in the Company's portfolio are single-family and multi-family residential real estate loans, commercial real estate loans, construction loans, consumer loans, land acquisition and development loans and commercial loans. Its deposit products include regular savings accounts, demand accounts, negotiable order of withdrawal (NOW) accounts, money market deposit accounts and certificates of deposit ranging in terms from 30 days to 10 years. As of June 30, 2012, the Company's net portfolio of loans receivable totaled $39.4 million. The Company originates mortgage loans for the acquisition and refinancing of existing multi-family residential and commercial real estate properties.
Willamette Valley Vineyards, Inc., produce and sell premium, super premium and ultra premium varietal wines. The Company operates in two segments: Produced Wine and Bacchus Distribution. Bacchus distributes purchased wine and glassware at wholesale prices to in-state customers. Produced wine represents all Willamette Valley Vineyard branded wine, which is produced at the winery. The Company's wines are made from grapes grown on the 791 acres of vineyard owned, leased or contracted by the Company, and from grapes purchased from other nearby vineyards. The grapes are harvested, fermented and made into wine at the Company's Turner winery (Winery) and the wines are sold principally under the Company's Willamette Valley Vineyards label. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company purchased 17 acres of vineyard land adjoining the Turner Estate.

WW ?€? Weight Watchers reimagined ?€? is a global wellness company powered by the world's leading commercial weight management program. We inspire millions of people to adopt healthy habits for real life. Through our engaging tech-enabled experience and face-to-face group workshops, members follow our livable and sustainable program of healthy eating, physical activity, and a helpful mindset. Leveraging more than five decades of experience in building inspired communities and our deep expertise in behavioral science, we aim to democratize wellness and to deliver wellness for all.
Woodward is an independent designer, manufacturer, and service provider of control system solutions and components for the aerospace and industrial markets. The company's innovative fluid, combustion, electrical, and motion control systems help customers offer cleaner, more reliable, and more efficient equipment. Our customers include leading original equipment manufacturers and end users of their products. Woodward is a global company headquartered in Fort Collins, Colorado, USA. Visit our website at www.woodward.com.
World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (WWE) is an integrated media and entertainment company, principally engaged in the development, production and marketing of television and pay-per-view event programming and live events and the licensing and sale of consumer products featuring its brands. The Company operates in four segments: Live and Televised Entertainment, Consumer Products, Digital Media and WWE Studios. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company produced 241 live events throughout North America. In 2011, it produced 80 live events internationally. In 2011, WWE televised 13 live pay-per-view events. WWE produced 13 domestic pay-per-view programs in 2011. WWE Superstars transitioned to WWE.com domestically in April 2011. During 2011, it published 12 books.WWEShop processed over 330,000 orders during 2011.

Founded in 1883 on the belief in the possibility of opportunity, Wolverine World Wide, Inc. is one of the world?€?s leading marketers and licensors of branded casual, active lifestyle, work, outdoor sport, athletic, children's and uniform footwear and apparel. Through a diverse portfolio of highly recognized brands, our products are designed to empower, engage and inspire our consumers every step of the way. The company?€?s portfolio includes Merrell??, Sperry??, Hush Puppies??, Saucony??, Wolverine??, Keds??, Stride Rite??, Chaco??, Bates??, and HYTEST??. Wolverine Worldwide is also the global footwear licensee of the popular brands Cat?? and Harley-Davidson??. Based in Rockford, Michigan, for more than 130 years, the company's products are carried by leading retailers in the U.S. and globally in approximately 170 countries and territories.
Weyerhaeuser Company, one of the world's largest private owners of timberlands, began operations in 1900. We own or control approximately 12 million acres of timberlands in the U.S. and manage additional timberlands under long-term licenses in Canada. We manage these timberlands on a sustainable basis in compliance with internationally recognized forestry standards. We are also one of the largest manufacturers of wood products. Our company is a real estate investment trust. In 2018, we generated $7.5 billion in net sales and employed approximately 9,300 people who serve customers worldwide. We are listed on the Dow Jones North American Sustainability Index. Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol WY.
Wyndham Destinations, Inc. believes in putting the world on vacation. As the world's largest vacation ownership and exchange company, Wyndham Destinations offers everyday travelers the opportunity to own or exchange their vacation experience while enjoying the quality, flexibility and value that Wyndham delivers. The Company's global presence in approximately 110 countries means more vacation choices for its more than four million members and owner families, with 230 resorts which offer a contemporary take on the timeshare model - including vacation club brands Club Wyndham??, WorldMark?? by Wyndham, and Margaritaville Vacation Club?? by Wyndham - and 4,200+ affiliated resorts through RCI, the world's leader in vacation exchange. Year after year, a worldwide team of more than 17,000 associates delivers exceptional vacation experiences to families around the globe as they make memories to last a lifetime. At Wyndham Destinations, our world is your destination.
Wynn Resorts, Limited is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol WYNN and is part of the S&P 500 Index. Wynn Resorts owns and operates Wynn Las Vegas (wynnlasvegas.com), Encore Boston Harbor (encorebostonharbor.com), Wynn Macau (wynnmacau.com), and Wynn Palace, Cotai (wynnpalace.com). Wynn and Encore Las Vegas feature two luxury hotel towers with a total of 4,748 spacious hotel rooms, suites and villas, approximately 192,000 square feet of casino space, 22 dining experiences featuring signature chefs and 11 bars, two award-winning spas, approximately 290,000 square feet of meeting and convention space, approximately 160,000 square feet of retail space as well as two showrooms; two nightclubs, a beach club and recreation and leisure facilities. Wynn Las Vegas recently unveiled the new Wynn Golf Club and 18-hole, 129-acre championship golf course, and in February 2020 debuted a 430,000-square-foot meeting and convention space expansion powered by 100 percent renewable energy. Encore Boston Harbor is a luxury resort destination featuring a 210,000 square foot casino, 671 hotel rooms, an ultra-premium spa, specialty retail, 15 dining and lounge venues, and more than 50,000 square feet of state-of-the-art ballroom and meeting spaces. Situated on the waterfront along the Mystic River in Everett, Massachusetts, the resort has created a six-acre public park and Harborwalk along the shoreline. It is the largest private, single-phase development in the history of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Wynn Macau is a luxury hotel and casino resort located in the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China with two luxury hotel towers with a total of 1,008 spacious rooms and suites, approximately 273,000 square feet of casino space, casual and fine dining in eight restaurants, approximately 31,000 square feet of meeting and convention space, approximately 59,000 square feet of retail space, and recreation and leisure facilities including two opulent spas, a salon and a rotunda show. Wynn Palace is a luxury integrated resort in Macau. Designed as a floral-themed destination, it boasts 1,706 exquisite rooms, suites and villas, approximately 424,000 square feet of casino space, 13 food and beverage outlets, approximately 37,000 square feet of meeting and convention space, approximately 106,000 square feet of designer retail, SkyCabs that traverse an eight-acre Performance Lake, an extensive collection of rare art, a lush spa, salon and recreation and leisure facilities.
WidePoint Corporation (NYSE American: WYY) is a leading provider of trusted mobility management (TM2) solutions, including telecom management, managed mobility services, identity management, and digital billing and analytics.
United States Steel Corporation (U. S. Steel) produces and sells steel mill products, including flat-rolled and tubular products, in North America and Europe. Operations in North America also include iron ore and coke production facilities, transportation services (railroad and barge operations) and real estate operations. U.S. Steel has three reportable operating segments: Flat-rolled Products (Flat-rolled), U. S. Steel Europe (USSE) and Tubular Products (Tubular). An integrated producer uses iron ore and coke as primary raw materials for steel production. U. S. Steel has annual raw steel production capability of 31.7 million net tons (tons) (24.3 million tons in North America and 7.4 million tons in Europe). On January 31, 2012, it sold U. S. Steel Serbia d.o.o. (USSS). On February 1, 2012, U. S. Steel completed the sale of the majority of the operating assets of Birmingham Southern Railroad Company, as well as the Port Birmingham Terminal.
AIT Therapeutics Inc. is a clinical-stage medical device and biopharmaceutical company developing a revolutionary NO Generator and Delivery System that uses NO generated from ambient air and delivers precise amounts of NO to the lungs for the potential treatment of respiratory and other diseases. The AIT NO Delivery System can generate up to 400 ppm of NO for delivery either continuously or for a fixed amount of time and has the ability to either titrate dose on demand or maintain a constant dose. The Company is currently applying its therapeutic expertise to develop treatments for pulmonary hypertension in various settings, in addition to treatments for lower respiratory tract infections that are not effectively addressed with current standards of care. AIT is currently advancing its revolutionary NO Generator and Delivery System in clinical trials for the treatment of bronchiolitis and severe lung infections such as nontuberculous mycobacteria (NTM).
Exantas Capital Corp. is a real estate investment trust that is primarily focused on originating, holding and managing commercial real estate mortgage loans and other commercial real estate-related debt investments. The Company is externally managed by ACRES Capital, LLC, a subsidiary of ACRES Capital Corp., a private commercial real estate lender exclusively dedicated to nationwide middle market CRE lending with a focus on multifamily, student housing, hospitality, office and independent senior living in top US markets.
Exantas Capital Corp
Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on progressing XCART???, a personalized CAR T platform technology engineered to target patient- and tumor-specific neoantigens. The Company is initially advancing cell-based therapeutics targeting the unique B-cell receptor on the surface of an individual patient's malignant tumor cells for the treatment of B-cell lymphomas. XCART??? has the potential to fuel a robust pipeline of therapeutic assets targeting high-value oncology indications. Additionally, Xenetic is leveraging PolyXen??, its proprietary drug delivery platform, by partnering with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. PolyXen?? has demonstrated its ability to improve the half-life and other pharmacological properties of next-generation biologic drugs. The Company has an exclusive license agreement with Takeda Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd. in the field of coagulation disorders and receives royalty payments under this agreement.
Xenetic Biosciences Inc Warrants 19072024
XBiotech is a fully integrated, global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to pioneering the discovery, development and commercialization of therapeutic antibodies. XBiotech currently is advancing a pipeline of therapies based on harnessing naturally occurring antibodies from patients with immunity to certain diseases. The approach to use natural human immunity as a source of new medicines offers the potential to redefine the standards of care a wide range of diseases. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, XBiotech also is leading the development of innovative manufacturing technology to reduce the cost and complexity of biological drug production.
Exicure, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing therapeutics for neurology, immuno-oncology, inflammatory diseases and other genetic disorders based on our proprietary spherical nucleic acid, or SNA technology. Exicure believes that its proprietary SNA architecture has distinct chemical and biological properties that may provide advantages over other nucleic acid therapeutics and may have therapeutic potential to target diseases not typically addressed with other nucleic acid therapeutics. Exicure is in preclinical development of XCUR-FXN, an SNA?€?based therapeutic candidate, for the treatment of Friedreich?€?s ataxia (FA). Exicure's therapeutic candidate cavrotolimod is in a Phase 1b/2 clinical trial in patients with advanced solid tumors. Exicure is based in Chicago, IL and in Cambridge, MA.
Denver -based Cimarex Energy Co. is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with principal operations in the Permian Basin and Mid-Continent areas of the U.S.
Xcel Energy provides the energy that powers millions of homes and businesses across eight Western and Midwestern states. Headquartered in Minneapolis, the company is an industry leader in responsibly reducing carbon emissions and producing and delivering clean energy solutions from a variety of renewable sources at competitive prices.

Xcel Brands, Inc. is a media and consumer products company engaged in the design, production, marketing, wholesale, and direct-to-consumer sales of branded apparel, footwear, accessories, jewelry, home goods and other consumer products, and the acquisition of dynamic consumer lifestyle brands. Xcel was founded by Robert W. D?€?Loren in 2011 with a vision to reimagine shopping, entertainment, and social as one. Xcel owns the Isaac Mizrahi, Judith Ripka, Halston, and C. Wonder brands, and it owns and manages the Longaberger brand through its controlling interest in Longaberger Licensing LLC, pioneering a ubiquitous sales strategy which includes the promotion and sale of products under its brands through interactive television, brick-and-mortar retail, e-commerce and peer to peer channels. Headquartered in New York City, Xcel Brands is led by an executive team with significant production, merchandising, design, marketing, retailing, and licensing experience, and a proven track record of success in elevating branded consumer products companies. With an experienced team of professionals focused on design, production, and digital marketing, Xcel maintains control of product quality and promotion across all of its product categories and distribution channels. Xcel differentiates by design.
We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company committed to developing innovative therapeutics to improve the lives of patients with neurological disorders. We are advancing a novel product pipeline of neurology therapies to address areas of high unmet medical need, with a focus on epilepsy.
Intersect ENT is dedicated to transforming ear, nose and throat care by providing innovative, clinically meaningful therapies and products to physicians and patients. The company?€?s steroid releasing implants are designed to provide mechanical spacing and deliver targeted therapy to the site of disease. In addition, Intersect ENT is continuing to expand its portfolio of products based on the company?€?s unique localized steroid releasing technology and is committed to broadening patient access to less invasive and more cost-effective treatments in all settings of care.
Xeris is a specialty pharmaceutical company delivering innovative solutions to simplify the experience of administering important therapies that people rely on every day around the world. With a novel technology platform that enables ready-to-use, room-temperature stable formulations of injectable and infusible therapies, the company is advancing a portfolio of solutions in various therapeutic categories, including its first commercial product, Gvoke??. Its proprietary XeriSol??? and XeriJect??? formulation technologies have the potential to offer distinct advantages over conventional product formulations, including eliminating the need for reconstitution, enabling long-term, room-temperature stability, significantly reducing injection volume, and eliminating the requirement for intravenous (IV) infusion. With Xeris?€? technology, new product formulations are designed to be easier to use by patients, caregivers, and health practitioners and help reduce costs for payers and the healthcare system. Xeris is headquartered in Chicago, IL.
X4 Pharmaceuticals is a late-stage clinical biopharmaceutical company and a leader in the discovery and development of novel therapies for the treatment of diseases resulting from dysfunction of the CXCR4 pathway, with a focus on rare diseases and those with limited treatment options. The company?€?s lead candidate, mavorixafor, is a first-in-class, small molecule antagonist of chemokine receptor CXCR4 being developed as a once-daily oral therapy. X4 believes that inhibition of the CXCR4 receptor creates the potential for mavorixafor to provide therapeutic benefit across a wide variety of diseases, including primary immunodeficiencies and certain types of cancer. The efficacy and safety of mavorixafor, dosed once daily, is currently being evaluated in a global Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with WHIM syndrome, and in two Phase 1b clinical trials ?€? in combination with ibrutinib in patients with Waldenstrom?€?s macroglobulinemia, and as monotherapy in patients with severe congenital neutropenia (SCN). X4 is continuing to leverage its insights into CXCR4 biology at its corporate headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts and at its research facility in Vienna, Austria, and is developing additional product candidates.
Exagen??is dedicated to transforming the care continuum for patients suffering from debilitating and chronic autoimmune diseases by enabling timely differential diagnosis and optimizing therapeutic intervention. Exagen??has developed and is commercializing a portfolio of innovative testing products under its AVISE?? brand. Several of these products are based on our proprietary Cell-Bound Complement Activation Products, or CB-CAPs, technology. CB-CAPs assess the activation of the complement system, a biological pathway implicated in systemic lupus erythematosus, or SLE. Exagen?€?s goal is to enable rheumatologists to improve care for patients through the differential diagnosis, prognosis and monitoring of complex autoimmune and autoimmune-related diseases, including SLE and rheumatoid arthritis, or RA. Exagen?€?s model of integrating testing products and therapeutics positions??Exagen??to offer targeted solutions to rheumatologists and, ultimately, better serve patients.
Xenia Hotels & Resorts, Inc. is a self-advised and self-administered REIT that invests in uniquely positioned luxury and upper upscale hotels and resorts, with a focus on the top 25 U.S. lodging markets as well as key leisure destinations in the United States. The Company owns 38 hotels comprising 11,024 rooms across 16 states. Xenia's hotels are in the luxury and upper upscale segments, and operated and/or licensed by industry leaders such as Marriott, Hyatt, Kimpton, Fairmont, Loews, and Hilton, as well as leading independent management companies including The Kessler Collection and Sage Hospitality.
Xinyuan Real Estate Co., Ltd.??("Xinyuan") is an NYSE-listed real estate developer and property manager primarily in??China??and recently in other countries. In??China,??Xinyuan??develops and manages large scale, high quality real estate projects in over ten tier one and tier two cities, including??Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Zhengzhou, Jinan, Qingdao, Chengdu, Xi'an, Suzhou, Dalian, Zhuhai and Foshan. Xinyuan??was one of the first Chinese real estate developers to enter the U.S. market and over the past few years has been active in real estate development in??New York. Xinyuan??aims to provide comfortable and convenient real estate related products and services to middle-class consumers.
Xilinx develops highly flexible and adaptive processing platforms that enable rapid innovation across a variety of technologies ?€? from the endpoint to the edge to the cloud. Xilinx is the inventor of the FPGA, hardware programmable SoCs, and the ACAP, designed to deliver the most dynamic processor technology in the industry and enable the adaptable, intelligent, and connected world of the future.
Acceleron is a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery, development, and commercialization of therapeutics to treat serious and rare diseases. Acceleron?€?s leadership in the understanding of TGF-beta superfamily biology and protein engineering generates innovative compounds that engage the body's ability to regulate cellular growth and repair. Acceleron focuses its commercialization, research, and development efforts in hematologic and pulmonary diseases. In hematology, REBLOZYL?? (luspatercept-aamt) is the first and only erythroid maturation agent approved in the United States and Europe for the treatment of anemia in certain blood disorders. REBLOZYL is part of a global collaboration partnership with Bristol Myers Squibb. The Companies co-promote REBLOZYL in the United States and are also developing luspatercept for the treatment of anemia in patient populations of MDS, beta-thalassemia, and myelofibrosis. In pulmonary, Acceleron is developing sotatercept for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), having recently presented positive topline results of the Phase 2 PULSAR trial. The Company is currently planning multiple Phase 3 trials with the potential to support its long-term vision of establishing sotatercept as a backbone therapy for patients with PAH at all stages of the disease.
Xencor is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of cancer and autoimmune diseases. Currently, 18 candidates engineered with Xencor's XmAb ?? technology are in clinical development internally and with partners. Xencor's XmAb antibody engineering technology enables small changes to the structure of monoclonal antibodies resulting in new mechanisms of therapeutic action.
Founded in 2003,??Xunlei Limited??(NASDAQ:??XNET) is a leading innovator in shared cloud computing and blockchain technology in??China. Xunlei??provides a wide range of products and services across cloud acceleration, blockchain, shared cloud computing and digital entertainment to deliver an efficient, smart and safe internet experience. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains statements of a forward-looking nature. These statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Exxon Mobil Corporation (Exxon Mobil) is a manufacturer and marketer of commodity petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics and a range of specialty products. The Company has a number of divisions and affiliates with names that include ExxonMobil, Exxon, Esso or Mobil. Divisions and affiliated companies of ExxonMobil operate or market products in the United States and other countries of the world. Their principal business is energy, involving exploration for, and production of, crude oil and natural gas, manufacture of petroleum products and transportation and sale of crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products. In January 2012, Apache Corporation acquired Exxon Mobil's Mobil North Sea Limited assets including the Beryl field and related properties. In April 2013, BNK Petroleum (US) Inc. sold Tishomingo Field, Oklahoma assets other than the Caney and upper Sycamore formations to XTO Energy Inc., a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil Corporation.
XOMA has built a significant portfolio of products that are licensed to and being developed by other biotech and pharmaceutical companies. The Company?€?s portfolio of partner-funded programs spans multiple stages of the drug development process and across various therapeutic areas. Many of these licenses are the result of XOMA?€?s pioneering efforts in the discovery and development of antibody therapeutics. The Company?€?s royalty-aggregator business model includes acquiring additional milestone and royalty rights associated with drug development programs with third-party funding.
ExOne is the pioneer and global leader in binder jet 3D printing technology. Since 1995, we?€?ve been on a mission to deliver powerful 3D printers that solve the toughest problems and enable world-changing innovations. Our 3D printing systems quickly transform powder materials ?€? including metals, ceramics, composites and sand ?€? into precision parts, metalcasting molds and cores, and innovative tooling solutions. Industrial customers use our technology to save time and money, reduce waste, improve their manufacturing flexibility, and deliver designs and products that were once impossible. As home to the world?€?s leading team of binder jetting experts, ExOne also provides specialized 3D printing services, including on-demand production of mission-critical parts, as well as engineering and design consulting.
XP Inc
XPEL is a leading provider of protective films and coatings, including automotive paint protection film, surface protection film, automotive and commercial/residential window films, and ceramic coatings. With a global footprint, a network of trained installers and proprietary DAP software, XPEL is dedicated to exceeding customer expectations by providing high-quality products, leading customer service, expert technical support and world-class training. XPEL, Inc. is publicly traded on Nasdaq under the symbol ?€?XPEL?€?.
Xperi invents, develops, and delivers technologies that enable extraordinary experiences. Xperi technologies, delivered via our brands: DTS, HD Radio, IMAX Enhanced, Invensas, TiVo, and by our startup, Perceive, make entertainment more entertaining, and smart devices smarter. Xperi technologies are integrated into billions of consumer devices, media platforms, and semiconductors worldwide, driving increased value for partners, customers and consumers around the globe. About LyricFind LyricFind is the world?€?s leader in licensed lyrics solutions and is trusted by the top names in the industry, including Amazon, Google, YouTube, Deezer, Soundhound, and iHeartRadio. LyricFind provides its partners with an extensive catalog of accurate and fully legal lyrics, licensed from all the major publishers, as well as 6,000 other publishers and performing rights organizations around the world. LyricFind has also built a premium reporting infrastructure that properly tracks and pays royalties to songwriters and rights holders on a song-by-song and territory-by-territory basis. XPER-P
XPeng Inc
Solitario Exploration & Royalty Corp. is an exploration company. The Company is a gold producer with its development-stage Mt.Hamilton gold project in Nevada. The Company has a portfolio of royalty structured joint ventures on advanced mineral projects with partners, such as Votorantim Metais, Anglo Platinum and Newmont Mining. The Company's advanced projects include Mt. Hamilton: gold project, the United States, Bongara: zinc-lead-silver, Peru, and Pedra Branca: platinum-palladium, Brazil. Its gold-silver exploration projects include Pachuca Real: silver-gold, Mexico and Cerro Azul: Gold-Silver, Peru. The Company's base metal and polymetallic exploration projects include Chambara: zinc-lead-silver, Peru and La Promesa: silver-zinc-lead-indium, Peru. In December 2013, Solitario Exploration & Royalty Corp raised its interest to 23.537% from 3.233%, by acquiring a 20.304% stake in Ely Gold & Minerals Inc.
XPO Logistics, Inc. is a top ten global logistics provider of cutting-edge supply chain solutions to the most successful companies in the world. The company operates as a highly integrated network of people, technology and physical assets in 30 countries, with 1,499 locations and approximately 97,000 employees. XPO uses its network to help more than 50,000 customers manage their goods most efficiently throughout their supply chains. XPO?€?s corporate headquarters are in Greenwich, Conn., USA, and its European headquarters are in Lyon, France. xpo.com Non-GAAP Financial Measures As required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), we provide reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures contained in this press release to the most directly comparable measure under GAAP, which are set forth in the financial tables attached to this release. XPO?€?s non-GAAP financial measures for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 used in this release include: earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"), adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin on a consolidated basis and for our transportation and logistics segments; free cash flow; adjusted net income attributable to common shareholders and adjusted earnings per share (basic and diluted) ("adjusted EPS"); net revenue for our transportation and logistics segments, including net revenue and net revenue per load for our North American truck brokerage business, and for our intersegment eliminations; and adjusted operating income and adjusted operating ratio for our North American less-than-truckload business. We believe that the above adjusted financial measures facilitate analysis of our ongoing business operations because they exclude items that may not be reflective of, or are unrelated to, XPO and its business segments' core operating performance, and may assist investors with comparisons to prior periods and assessing trends in our underlying businesses. Other companies may calculate these non-GAAP financial measures differently, and therefore our measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should only be used as supplemental measures of our operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income attributable to common shareholders and adjusted EPS include adjustments for transaction and integration costs, as well as restructuring costs and other adjustments as set forth in the attached tables. Transaction and integration adjustments are generally incremental costs that result from an actual or planned acquisition or divestiture and may include transaction costs, consulting fees, retention awards, and, in the case of acquisitions, internal salaries and wages (to the extent the individuals are assigned full-time to integration and transformation activities) and certain costs related to integrating and converging IT systems. Restructuring costs primarily relate to severance costs associated with business optimization initiatives. Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in making financial, operating and planning decisions and evaluating XPO's and each business segment's ongoing performance. We believe that free cash flow is an important measure of our ability to repay maturing debt or fund other uses of capital that we believe will enhance stockholder value. We calculate free cash flow as adjusted net cash provided by operating activities, less payment for purchases of property and equipment plus proceeds from sale of property and equipment, with adjusted net cash provided by operating activities defined as net cash provided by operating activities plus cash collected on deferred purchase price receivables. We believe that EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin improve comparability from period to period by removing the impact of our capital structure (interest and financing expenses), asset base (depreciation and amortization), tax impacts and other adjustments as set out in the attached tables that management has determined are not reflective of core operating activities and thereby assist investors with assessing trends in our underlying businesses. We believe that adjusted net income attributable to common shareholders and adjusted EPS improve the comparability of our operating results from period to period by removing the impact of certain costs and gains that management has determined are not reflective of our core operating activities. We believe that net revenue and net revenue margin improve the comparability of our operating results from period to period by removing the cost of transportation and services, in particular the cost of fuel, incurred in the reporting period as set out in the attached tables. We believe that adjusted operating income and adjusted operating ratio for our North American less-than-truckload business improve the comparability of our operating results from period to period by (i) removing the impact of certain transaction and integration and restructuring costs, as well as amortization expenses and (ii) including the impact of pension income incurred in the reporting period as set out in the attached tables. With respect to our fourth quarter and full year 2020 financial targets for adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow, a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the corresponding GAAP measures is not available without unreasonable effort due to the variability and complexity of the reconciling items described above that we exclude from these non-GAAP target measures. The variability of these items may have a significant impact on our future GAAP financial results and, as a result, we are unable to prepare the forward-looking statement of income and statement of cash flows prepared in accordance with GAAP that would be required to produce such a reconciliation.
DPCM Capital Inc - Units (1 Ord Share Class A & 1/3 War)
Dentsply Sirona is the world?€?s largest manufacturer of professional dental products and technologies, with over a century of innovation and service to the dental industry and patients worldwide. Dentsply Sirona develops, manufactures, and markets a comprehensive solutions offering including dental and oral health products as well as other consumable medical devices under a strong portfolio of world class brands. Dentsply Sirona?€?s products provide innovative, high-quality and effective solutions to advance patient care and deliver better and safer dental care. Dentsply Sirona?€?s headquarter is located in Charlotte, North Carolina. The company?€?s shares are listed in the United States on NASDAQ under the symbol XRAY.
Xerox Holdings Corporation makes every day work better. We are a workplace technology company building and integrating software and hardware for enterprises large and small. As customers seek to manage information across digital and physical platforms, Xerox delivers a seamless, secure and sustainable experience. Whether inventing the copier, Ethernet, the laser printer or more, Xerox has long defined the modern work experience. Learn how that innovation continues at xerox.com. Note: To receive RSS news feeds, visit https://www.news.xerox.com. For open commentary, industry perspectives and views, visit http://twitter.com/xerox, http://www.facebook.com/XeroxCorp, https://www.instagram.com/xerox/, http://www.linkedin.com/company/xerox, http://www.youtube.com/XeroxCorp. Xerox ??, Baltoro???, FreeFlow ??, Iridesse ??, VersaLink ??, Versant ?? and Xerox Nuvera ?? are trademarks of Xerox in the United States and/or other countries.
XpresSpa Group, Inc. is a leading global health and wellness holding company. XpresSpa Group?€?s core asset, XpresSpa, is a leading airport retailer of spa services and related health and wellness products, with 50 locations in 25 airports globally. Through its XpresTest, Inc. subsidiary, the Company also provides COVID-19 screening and testing, rapid testing services for other communicable diseases that include influenza, mononucleosis and group A streptococcus, and flu vaccination services under its XpresCheck??? brand. Current XpresCheck Wellness Centers include JFK International Airport, Newark Liberty International Airport, and Logan International Airport.
XTL Biopharmaceuticals Ltd. (XTL) is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the acquisition and development of pharmaceutical products for the treatment of unmet medical needs, for the treatment of multiple myeloma (MM), schizophrenia and Hepatitis C. Its compound includes Recombinant Human Erythropoietin (rHuEPO), which is a compound that it is planning to develop for the prolongation of MM patients' survival and improvement of their life. The Company's second program SAM-101 is based on the technology it in-licensed from MinoGuard - the development of combination drugs for psychotic diseases, with focus on schizophrenia. Its third program is the Diversity Oriented Synthesis (DOS) program, which is focused on the development of pre-clinical Hepatitis C small molecule inhibitors. Compounds developed inhibit HCV replication in a pre-clinical cell-based assay.
Xtant Medical Holdings, Inc. (www.xtantmedical.com) is a global medical technology company focused on the design, development, and commercialization of a comprehensive portfolio of orthobiologics and spinal implant systems to facilitate spinal fusion in complex spine, deformity and degenerative procedures. Xtant people are dedicated and talented, operating with the highest integrity to serve our customers. The symbols ??? and ?? denote trademarks and registered trademarks of Xtant Medical Holdings, Inc. or its affiliates, registered as indicated in the United States, and in other countries. All other trademarks and trade names referred to in this release are the property of their respective owners. Non-GAAP Financial Measures To supplement the Company?€?s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), the Company uses certain non-GAAP financial measures in this release, including Adjusted EBITDA. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures used in this release to the most comparable GAAP measures for the respective periods can be found in tables later in this release. The Company?€?s management believes that the presentation of these measures provides useful information to investors. These measures may assist investors in evaluating the Company?€?s operations, period over period. Management uses the non-GAAP measures in this release internally for evaluation of the performance of the business, including the allocation of resources. Investors should consider non-GAAP financial measures only as a supplement to, not as a substitute for or as superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.
22nd Century Group, Inc. (NYSE American: XXII) is a leading biotechnology company developing disruptive, plant-based solutions for the life science, consumer product, and pharmaceutical markets. In its work with the tobacco plant, 22nd Century is dedicated to its founding mission of reducing the harm caused by smoking. The Company?€?s proprietary reduced nicotine content tobacco cigarettes ?€? containing 95% less nicotine than conventional cigarette brands ?€? are poised to disrupt the $800 billion global tobacco market. In its work with the hemp/cannabis plant, 22nd Century is utilizing modern genetic engineering technologies and proprietary plant breeding methods to develop novel cannabis plants and plant extracts. 22nd Century owns or controls more than 200 issued and pending patents related to the tobacco and hemp/cannabis plants.
X Financial (the "Company") is a leading technology-driven personal finance company in China focused on meeting the huge demand for credit from individuals and small-to-medium-sized enterprise owners. The Company's proprietary big data-driven risk control system, WinSAFE, builds risk profiles of prospective borrowers using a variety data-driven credit assessment methodology to accurately evaluate a borrower's value, payment capability, payment attitude and overall creditworthiness. X Financial has established a strategic partnership with ZhongAn Online P&C Insurance Co., Ltd. in multiple areas of its business operations to directly complement its cutting-edge risk management and credit assessment capabilities. ZhongAn Online P&C Insurance Co., Ltd. provides credit insurance on X Financial's investment products which significantly enhances investor confidence and allows the Company to attract a diversified and low-cost funding base from individuals, enterprises and financial institutions to support its growth. X Financial leverages financial technology to provide convenient, efficient, and secure investment services to a wide range of high-quality borrowers and mass affluent investors which complements traditional financial institutions and helps to promote the development of inclusive finance in China.
Xylem (XYL) is a leading global water technology company committed to solving critical water and infrastructure challenges with technological innovation. Our more than 16,000 diverse employees delivered revenue of $5.25 billion in 2019. We are creating a more sustainable world by enabling our customers to optimize water and resource management, and helping communities in more than 150 countries become water-secure. Join us at www.xylem.com.
Alleghany Corporation creates value through owning and supporting its operating subsidiaries and managing investments, anchored by a core position in property and casualty reinsurance and insurance. Alleghany's property and casualty subsidiaries include: Transatlantic Holdings, Inc., a leading global reinsurer; RSUI Group, Inc., which underwrites wholesale specialty insurance coverages including property, casualty, professional liability and directors' and officers' liability; and CapSpecialty, Inc., an underwriter of commercial property, casualty and surety insurance coverages. Alleghany's subsidiary Alleghany Capital Corporation owns and manages a diverse portfolio of non-financial businesses. SOURCE Alleghany Corporation Related Links http://www.alleghany.com

Yucaipa Acquisition Corporation Units each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and onethird of one redeemable warrant
Yucaipa Acquisition Corporation - Warrants (06/08/2025)
Yalla Group Limited is the leading voice-centric social networking and entertainment platform in the Middle East and Northern Africa (MENA). The Company's flagship mobile application, Yalla, is specifically tailored for the people and local cultures of the region and primarily features Yalla rooms, a mirrored online version of the majlis or caf??s where people spend their leisure time in casual chats. Voice chats are more suitable to the cultural norms in MENA compared to video chats. The Company strives to maintain users' equal status on its platform, thereby encouraging all of them to freely communicate and interact with each other. The Company also operates Yalla Ludo, a mobile application featuring online versions of board games that are highly popular in MENA, such as Ludo and Domino. In-game real-time chats and Ludo chat room functions are popular social networking features among users. Through close attention to detail and localized appeal that deeply resonates with users, Yalla's mobile applications deliver a seamless user experience that fosters a loyal sense of belonging, creating a highly devoted and engaged user community.
cbdMD Inc
cbdMD Inc 8 PRF PERPETUAL USD 10 Ser A
Yelp Inc. ( www.yelp.com ) connects people with great local businesses. With unmatched local business information, photos and review content, Yelp provides a one-stop local platform for consumers to discover, connect and transact with local businesses of all sizes by making it easy to request a quote, join a waitlist, and make a reservation, appointment or purchase. Yelp was founded in San Francisco in July 2004. Since then, Yelp has taken root in major metros in more than 30 countries.
Yeti Holdings Inc

Founded in 2002 and Headquartered in Shenzhen, China, MingZhu is 3A-grade trucking services provider, offering both network density and broad geographic coverage to meet customers' diverse transportation needs. The Company operates two regional terminals in Guangdong Province and Xinjiang Autonomous Region, respectively, with a mix of self-own fleets of tractors and trailers and subcontractors' fleets.
MicroSectors US Big Oil Index Inverse ETN
111, Inc. ("111" or the "Company") is a leading digital healthcare platform committed to digitally connecting patients with medicine and healthcare services in China. The Company provides consumers with better access to pharmaceutical products and healthcare services directly through its online retail pharmacy, 1 Drugstore, and indirectly through its offline virtual pharmacy network. The Company also offers online healthcare services through its internet hospital, 1 Clinic, which provides consumers with cost-effective and convenient online consultation, electronic prescription service, and patient management service. In addition, the Company's online wholesale pharmacy, 1 Drug Mall, serves as a one-stop shop for pharmacies to source a vast selection of pharmaceutical products. With the largest virtual pharmacy network in China, 111 enables offline pharmacies to better serve their customers with cloud-based services. 111 also provides an omni-channel drug commercialization platform to its strategic partners, which includes services such as digital marketing, patient education, data analytics, and pricing monitoring.
Yunji Inc ADR
Y-Mabs Therapeutics Inc - Ordinary Shares
Yandex (NASDAQ and MOEX:YNDX) is a technology company that builds intelligent products and services powered by machine learning. Our goal is to help consumers and businesses better navigate the online and offline world. Since 1997, we have delivered world-class, locally relevant search and information services. Additionally, we have developed market-leading on-demand transportation services, navigation products and other mobile applications for millions of consumers across the globe. Yandex, which has 33 offices worldwide, has been listed on the NASDAQ since 2011.
The York Water Company is engaged in the business of impounding, purifying to meet or exceed safe drinking water standards and distribute water. The Company operates within its franchised territory, which covers 39 municipalities within York County, Pennsylvania and seven municipalities within Adams County, Pennsylvania. The Company is regulated by the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, or PPUC, in the areas of billing, payment procedures, dispute processing, terminations, service territory, debt and equity financing and rate setting. Water service is supplied through the Company's own distribution system. This combined watershed area is approximately 117 square miles. As of December 31, 2011, the Company's average daily availability was 35.0 million gallons, and daily consumption was approximately 18.5 million gallons. On December 28, 2011, the Company agreed to purchase the assets of Asbury Pointe Wastewater Collection and Treatment System in York County, Pennsylvania.
YPF SA is an Argentina-based integrated oil and gas company. The Company's upstream operations consist of the exploration, development and production of crude oil, natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). Its downstream operations include the refining, marketing, transportation and distribution of oil and a wide range of petroleum products, petroleum derivatives, petrochemicals, LPG and bio-fuels. The Company's retail distribution network for automotive petroleum products consists of approximately 1,500 service stations under brand YPF. Additionally, the Company is active in the gas separation and natural gas distribution sectors both directly and through investments in several affiliated companies.
YRC Worldwide Inc., headquartered in Overland Park, Kan., is the holding company for a portfolio of less-than-truckload (LTL) companies including Holland, New Penn, Reddaway, and YRC Freight, as well as the logistics company HNRY Logistics. Collectively, YRC Worldwide companies have one of the largest, most comprehensive logistics and LTL networks in North America with local, regional, national and international capabilities. Through their teams of experienced service professionals, YRC Worldwide companies offer industry-leading expertise in flexible supply chain solutions, ensuring customers can ship industrial, commercial and retail goods with confidence.
Yirendai Ltd. is a leading fintech company in China connecting investors and individual borrowers. The Company provides an effective solution to address largely underserved investor and individual borrower demand in China through online and offline channels to efficiently match borrowers with investors and execute loan transactions. Yirendai deploys a proprietary risk management system, which enables the Company to effectively assess the creditworthiness of borrowers, appropriately price the risks associated with borrowers, and offer quality loan investment opportunities to investors. Yirendai?€?s marketplace provides borrowers with quick and convenient access to consumer credit at competitive prices and investors with easy and quick access to an alternative asset class with attractive returns.
Yellowstone Acquisition Co - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/2 War)
Yatsen Holding Limited is a leader in the rapidly evolving China beauty market with the mission of creating an exciting new journey of beauty discovery for consumers in China and around the world. The Company has launched three fast-growing, successful color cosmetics and skincare brands: Perfect Diary, Little Ondine and Abby's Choice, and has recently acquired Gal??nic, an iconic premium skincare brand. Leveraging its digitally native direct-to-customer business model, the Company has built a platform with core capabilities that disrupt every part of the traditional beauty industry value chain and deliver greater value to its customers. The Company reaches and engages with customers directly both online and offline, with expansive presence across all major e-commerce, social and content platforms in China.
Yield10 Bioscience, Inc. is an agricultural bioscience company developing crop innovations for sustainable global food security. The Company uses its ?€?Trait Factory?€? including the ?€?GRAIN?€? big data mining trait gene discovery tool as well as the Camelina oilseed ?€?Fast Field Testing?€? system to develop high value seed traits for the agriculture and food industries. As a path toward commercialization of novel traits, Yield10 is pursuing a partnering approach with major agricultural companies to drive new traits into development for canola, soybean, corn, and other commercial crops. The Company is also developing improved Camelina varieties as a platform crop for the production and commercialization of nutritional oils, proteins, and PHA biomaterials. The Company?€?s expertise in oilseed crops also extends into canola, where it is currently field-testing novel yield traits to generate data to drive additional licensing opportunities. Yield10 is headquartered in Woburn, MA and has an Oilseeds Center of Excellence in Saskatoon, Canada.

YUM! Brands, Inc. (YUM) is a quick service restaurant company based on number of system units, with over 39,000 units in more than 125 countries and territories. The Company, through three concepts of KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell (Concepts) develops, operates, franchises and licenses a worldwide system of restaurants, which prepare, package and sell a menu of priced food items. The Company operates in six segments: YUM Restaurants China (China or China Division), YUM Restaurants International (YRI or International Division), Taco Bell U.S., KFC U.S., Pizza Hut U.S. and YUM Restaurants India (India or India Division). The China Division includes mainland China, and the India Division includes India, Bangladesh, Mauritius, Nepal and Sri Lanka. YRI includes the remainder of its international operations.
Yum China Holdings, Inc. is a licensee of Yum! Brands in mainland China. It has exclusive rights in mainland China to KFC, China's leading quick-service restaurant brand, Pizza Hut, the leading casual dining restaurant brand in China, and Taco Bell, a California -based restaurant chain serving innovative Mexican-inspired food. Yum China also owns the Little Sheep, Huang Ji Huang, East Dawning and COFFii & JOY concepts outright. Yum China also partners with Lavazza to explore and develop the Lavazza coffee shop concept in China. The Company had 10,150 restaurants in over 1,400 cities at the end of September 2020. Yum China ranked # 361 on the Fortune 500 list for 2020. In 2020, Yum China was named to the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index and was certified as a Top Employer 2020 in China by the Top Employers Institute, both for the second consecutive year.
. Liquid Media Group Ltd. is an entertainment company with a strong portfolio of content intellectual property (IP) spanning creative industries. Originating in Vancouver?€?s media and entertainment supercluster, Liquid?€?s mission is to empower storytellers worldwide to develop, produce and distribute content across channels and platforms. Liquid Media?€?s leadership team includes Chairman Joshua Jackson (actor / producer, television and film), Chief Financial Officer Daniel Cruz (previously of Canaccord Financial), Managing Director Charlie Brezer (serial entrepreneur), Director Stephen Jackson (Northland Properties), and Director Nancy Basi (veteran Media + Entertainment expert), alongside Advisory Board members Wilson J. Tang (acclaimed digital entertainment veteran), Andrew Kaplan (capital markets strategist) and Michael Timothy Doyle (veteran interactive entertainment industry production executive). Each brings decades of industry expertise and significant passion to advance the Company?€?s mission.
JOYY Inc. is a global social media platform. The Company?€?s highly engaged users contribute to a vibrant social community by creating, sharing, and enjoying a vast range of entertainment content and activities. JOYY enables users to interact with each other in real time through online live media and offers users a uniquely engaging and immersive entertainment experience. JOYY owns BIGO, a fast-growing global tech company headquartered in Singapore. BIGO owns several popular video based social platforms including BIGO live, a leading global live streaming platform outside China; Likee, a leading global short-form video social platform; and video communication service and others. JOYY has created an online community for global video and live streaming users. JOYY Inc. was listed on the NASDAQ in November 2012.
Zillow, Inc. (Zillow) is a real estate and home-related information marketplaces. Zillow provides products and services to help consumers through every stage of homeownership buying, selling, renting, borrowing and remodeling. The Company make home-related decisions, and enabling homeowners, buyers, sellers and renters to find and connect with local professionals. Individuals and businesses that use Zillow have updated information on more than 37 million homes and have added nearly 100 million home photos. These profiles include detailed information about homes such as property facts, listing information, and purchase and sale data. In August 2013, the Company announced that it has completed the acquisition of StreetEasy, the real estate Website in New York City.
ZAGG Inc. (ZAGG), formerly ZAGG Incorporated, designs, manufactures and distributes protective coverings, audio accessories and power solutions for consumer electronic and hand-held devices under the brand names invisibleSHIELD, ZAGGskins, ZAGGbuds, ZAGGsparq, ZAGGmate, ZAGGfolio, ZAGGkeys, iFrogz and Earpollution. The Company operates in three segments: ZAGG segment, iFrogz segment and HzO segment. The invisibleSHIELD is designed specifically for Apple iPods, iPhones and iPads, laptops, cell phones, digital cameras, watch faces, global positioning systems (GPS), gaming devices, and other items. In July 2011, the Company launched the ZAGGfolio. In November 2011, ZAGG launched the ZAGGkeys FLEX, a portable Bluetooth keyboard and stand. On June 21, 2011, the Company, ReminderBand, Inc., doing business as iFrogz (iFrogz), and the owners of iFrogz entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement pursuant to which ZAGG acquired 100% interest of iFrogz.

Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, and markets orthopaedic reconstructive devices, spinal and trauma devices, biologics, dental implants, and related surgical products in the Americas, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. It offers orthopaedic reconstructive devices that restore function lost due to disease or trauma in joints comprising knees, hips, shoulders, and elbows; dental reconstructive implants, which restore function and aesthetics in patients who have lost teeth due to trauma or disease; spinal devices that are utilized by orthopedic surgeons and neurosurgeons for the treatment of degenerative diseases, deformities, and trauma in various regions of the spine; and trauma devices used primarily to reattach or stabilize damaged bone and tissue to support the body??s natural healing process. The company also provides related surgical products, such as surgical supplies and instruments to aid in orthopedic surgical procedures and post-operation rehabilitation; and other healthcare related services. It primarily serves orthopedic surgeons, neurosurgeons, oral surgeons, dentists, hospitals, stocking distributors, and healthcare dealers, as well as agents, healthcare purchasing organizations, or buying groups. The company was formerly known as Zimmer Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. in June 2015. Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1927 and is headquartered in Warsaw, Indiana.
Zebra empowers the front line of business in retail/ecommerce, manufacturing, transportation and logistics, healthcare, public sector and other industries to achieve a performance edge. With more than 10,000 partners across 100 countries, we deliver industry-tailored, end-to-end solutions that intelligently connect people, assets and data to help our customers make business-critical decisions. Our market-leading solutions elevate the shopping experience, track and manage inventory as well as improve supply chain efficiency and patient care. In 2019, Zebra ranked #166 on Forbes?€? list of the World?€?s Best Employers, and the company joined the S&P 500 Index.

Zhongchao Inc Class A


Zealand Pharma A/S (Nasdaq Copenhagen and New York: ZEAL) ("Zealand") is a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of innovative peptide-based medicines. More than 10 drug candidates invented by Zealand have advanced into clinical development, of which two have reached the market. Zealand?€?s current pipeline of internal product candidates focus on specialty gastrointestinal and metabolic diseases. Zealand?€?s portfolio also includes two clinical license collaborations with Boehringer Ingelheim and pre-clinical license collaboration with Alexion Pharmaceuticals. Zealand is based in Copenhagen (S??borg), Denmark.
Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds support, sales, and customer engagement software designed to foster better customer relationships. From large enterprises to startups, we believe that powerful, innovative customer experiences should be within reach for every company, no matter the size, industry or ambition. Zendesk serves more than 160,000 customers across a multitude of industries in over 30 languages. Zendesk is headquartered in San Francisco, and operates offices worldwide.
Founded in 1954, Olympic Steel is a leading U.S. metals service center focused on the direct sale of processed carbon, coated and stainless flat-rolled sheet, coil and plate steel, aluminum, tin plate, and metal-intensive branded products. The Company?€?s CTI subsidiary is a leading distributor of steel tubing, bar, pipe, valves and fittings, and fabricator of value-added parts and components. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, Olympic Steel operates from 31 facilities in North America.
Zillow Group, Inc. operates real estate and home-related information marketplaces on mobile and the Web in the United States. It offers a portfolio of brands and products to help people find vital information about homes, and connect with local professionals. The company product portfolio includes Zillow, a real estate and rental marketplace dedicated to consumers with data, inspiration, and knowledge around the place they call home, and connecting them with the local professionals who can help; and Trulia, a home shopping marketplace, focused on giving home buyers, sellers, and renters the information they need to make better decisions about where to live. It also provides StreetEasy, a real estate marketplace, providing for-sale and for-rent listings from various real estate brokerages throughout New York City and the NYC metropolitan area; and HotPads, a map-based apartment and home rental search brand, and a destination for renters in urban areas across the United States. In addition, the company offers ActiveRain, a networking site for real estate industry professionals to connect and share information through training and the member-produced ActiveRain blog; Diverse Solutions to help real estate professionals manage their brands and businesses; and Market Leader that offers marketing products, education, and technology tools to help agents manage all aspects of their business. Further, it provides Mortech, which supplies mortgage professionals with various services and tools, such as all-in-one pricing, rate notification, prospect management tools, custom rate sheets, loan product eligibility, and guideline services; Postlets, a free listings creation and distribution tool for landlords and property managers to create, distribute, and manage their rental listings on mobile and Web; and Retsly that normalizes real estate data from multiple listing services. Zillow Group, Inc. was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in Seattle, Washington.
Zogenix is a global biopharmaceutical company committed to developing and commercializing therapies with the potential to transform the lives of patients and their families living with rare diseases. The company?€?s first rare disease therapy, FINTEPLA ?? (fenfluramine) oral solution, C-IV has been approved by the U.S. FDA, is under review in Europe, and is in development in Japan for the treatment of seizures associated with Dravet syndrome, a rare, severe childhood onset epilepsy. FINTEPLA is also in development for the treatment of seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, another rare childhood-onset epilepsy. Through its subsidiary Modis Therapeutics, Zogenix is also developing MT1621, an investigational novel deoxynucleoside substrate enhancement therapy for the treatment of TK2 deficiency, a rare genetic disorder.

Yunhong International Rt Pur 110 Ord Cl A 01312027
Yunhong International Units 1 Ord Class A 12 War & 1 Right
Yunhong International Red Wt Exp 01312027
ZoomInfo Technologies Inc
Zions Bancorporation is one of the nation?€?s premier financial services companies with annual net revenue of $2.8 billion in 2019 and more than $70 billion of total assets. Zions operates under local management teams and unique brands in 11 Western and Southwestern states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Washington and Wyoming. The Company is a consistent recipient of national and statewide customer survey awards in small and middle-market banking, as well as a national leader in Small Business Administration lending and public finance advisory services. In addition, Zions is included in the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Financial 100 indices.
Zions Bancorporation Pfd.
Zions Bancorporation Dep Shs Repstg 1/40th Int Sh Ser H Perp Pfd Stk
Zions Bancorporation Dep Shs Repstg 1/40th Perp Pfd Ser G
Zions Bancorporation Depositary Shares Series A
Ziopharm is developing non-viral and cytokine-driven cell and gene therapies that weaponize the body?€?s immune system to treat the millions of people globally diagnosed with a solid tumor each year. With its multiplatform approach, Ziopharm is at the forefront of immuno-oncology with a goal to treat any type of solid tumor. Ziopharm?€?s pipeline is built for commercially scalable, cost effective T-cell receptor T-cell therapies based on its non-viral Sleeping Beauty gene transfer platform, a precisely controlled IL-12 gene therapy, and rapidly manufactured Sleeping Beauty-enabled CD19-specific CAR-T program. The Company has clinical and strategic partnerships with the National Cancer Institute, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center and others.
Zix Corporation (Zix) is a leader in email security. Trusted by the nation?€?s most influential institutions in healthcare, finance and government, Zix delivers a superior experience and easy-to-use solutions for email encryption and data loss prevention, advanced threat protection, unified information archiving and bring your own device (BYOD) mobile security. Focusing on the protection of business communication, Zix enables its customers to better secure data and meet compliance needs. Zix is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol ZIXI.
NASDAQ TEST STOCK
ZK International Group Company. Ltd
Zai Lab Ltd
Zoom Video Communications Inc
Zynga is a global leader in interactive entertainment with a mission to connect the world through games. To date, more than one billion people have played Zynga?€?s franchises including CSR Racing ???, Empires & Puzzles ???, Merge Dragons! ???, Merge Magic! TM, Toon Blast ???, Toy Blast ???, Words With Friends ??? and Zynga Poker ???. Zynga?€?s games are available in more than 150 countries and are playable across social platforms and mobile devices worldwide. Founded in 2007, the company is headquartered in San Francisco with locations in the U.S., Canada, U.K., Ireland, India, Turkey and Finland.
Listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange, New York Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange (respective stock code: 1055.HK, ZNH.N, 600029.SH) with headquarters based in Guangzhou, the Company is an airline s with the largest number of transport aircrafts, the most developed route network and the largest annual passenger turnover in China. By the end of the reporting period, China Southern Airlines has operated a total of 840 passenger and cargo transport aircrafts and served nearly 140 million passengers. It is ranked first in Asia and third in the world in terms of fleet scale and passenger turnover. China Southern Airlines has maintained the best safety record among China's airlines. During the reporting period, the Company was awarded "Two-Star Diamond Award for Flight Safety", the top award for flight safety from CAAC, and has been an airline s with the highest safety star in China.
Zanite Acquisition Corp - Units (1 Ord Class A & 1/2 War)
Zentalis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing small molecule therapeutics targeting fundamental biological pathways of cancers. The Company is developing a broad pipeline of potentially best-in-class oncology candidates, including ZN-c5, an oral selective estrogen receptor degrader (SERD) for ER+/HER2- breast cancer, ZN-c3, a WEE1 inhibitor, ZN-d5, a BCL-2 inhibitor and ZN-e4, an EGFR inhibitor. Zentalis has operations in both New York and San Diego.
Zomedica Pharmaceuticals Corp
Zscaler accelerates digital transformation so customers can be more agile, efficient, resilient, and secure. The Zscaler Zero Trust Exchange protects thousands of customers from cyberattacks and data loss by securely connecting users, devices, and applications in any location. Distributed across more than 150 data centers globally, the SASE-based Zero Trust Exchange is the world?€?s largest in-line cloud security platform. Zscaler???, Zscaler Zero Trust Exchange???, Zscaler Internet Access???, and Zscaler Private Access???, ZIA???, and ZPA??? and Zscaler B2B??? are either (i) registered trademarks or service marks or (ii) trademarks or service marks of Zscaler, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. Any other trademarks are the properties of their respective owners.
Zosano Pharma Corporation is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing products where rapid administration of approved molecules with established safety and efficacy profiles may provide substantial benefit to patients, in markets where patients remain underserved by existing therapies. The company?€?s transdermal microneedle system technology consists of titanium microneedles coated with drug that are designed to enable rapid systemic administration of therapeutics to patients. Zosano?€?s lead product candidate is Qtrypta??? (M207), which is a proprietary formulation of zolmitriptan designed to be delivered via its transdermal microneedle system technology, as an acute treatment for migraine.
ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc. (NYSE: ZTO and HKEX:2057) ("ZTO" or the "Company") is a leading and fast-growing express delivery company in China. ZTO provides express delivery service as well as other value-added logistics services through its extensive and reliable nationwide network coverage in China. ZTO operates a highly scalable network partner model, which the Company believes is best suited to support the significant growth of e-commerce in China. The Company leverages its network partners to provide pickup and last-mile delivery services, while controlling the mission-critical line-haul transportation and sorting network within the express delivery service value chain.
Zoetis is the leading animal health company, dedicated to supporting its customers and their businesses. Building on more than 65 years of experience in animal health, Zoetis discovers, develops, manufactures and commercializes medicines, vaccines and diagnostic products, which are complemented by biodevices, genetic tests and precision livestock farming. Zoetis serves veterinarians, livestock producers and people who raise and care for farm and companion animals with sales of its products in more than 100 countries. In 2019, the company generated annual revenue of $6.3 billion with approximately 10,600 employees.
Zumiez is a leading specialty retailer of apparel, footwear, accessories and hardgoods for young men and women who want to express their individuality through the fashion, music, art and culture of action sports, streetwear, and other unique lifestyles. As of August 29, 2020, we operated 720 stores, including 607 in the United States, 52 in Canada, 49 in Europe and 12 in Australia. We operate under the names Zumiez, Blue Tomato and Fast Times. Additionally, we operate ecommerce web sites at zumiez.com, zumiez.ca, blue-tomato.com and fasttimes.com.au.
Zuora provides the leading cloud-based subscription management platform that functions as a system of record for subscription businesses across all industries. Powering the Subscription Economy??, the Zuora platform was architected specifically for dynamic, recurring subscription business models and acts as an intelligent subscription management hub that automates and orchestrates the entire subscription order-to-cash process, including billing and revenue recognition. Zuora serves more than 1,000 companies around the world, including Box, Rogers, Schneider Electric, Xplornet and Zendesk. Headquartered in the Silicon Valley, Zuora also operates offices around the world in the U.S., EMEA and APAC.
Zovio Inc is an education technology services company that partners with higher education institutions and employers to deliver innovative, personalized solutions to help learners and leaders achieve their aspirations. The Zovio network, which includes Fullstack Academy, TutorMe, and [email??protected], leverages its core strengths and applies its technology and capabilities to priority market needs. Using advanced data and analytics, Zovio identifies the most meaningful ways to enhance the learner experience and deliver strong outcomes for higher education institutions, employers, and learners. Zovio's purpose is to help everyone be in a class of their own.
LISTED TEST SYMBOL

NASDAQ TEST STOCK
NASDAQ TEST STOCK

NASDAQ TEST STOCK
Zymeworks is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of next-generation multifunctional biotherapeutics. Zymeworks?€? suite of therapeutic platforms and its fully integrated drug development engine enable precise engineering of highly differentiated product candidates. Zymeworks?€? lead clinical candidate, zanidatamab (ZW25), is a novel Azymetric??? bispecific antibody currently in a registration-enabling clinical trial for refractory HER2+ biliary tract cancer as well as several Phase 2 clinical trials for HER2+ gastroesophageal and breast cancers. Zymeworks?€? second clinical candidate, ZW49, is a bispecific antibody-drug conjugate currently in Phase 1 clinical development and combines the unique design and antibody framework of zanidatamab with Zymeworks?€? proprietary ZymeLink??? linker-cytotoxin. Zymeworks is also advancing a deep preclinical pipeline in oncology (including immuno-oncology agents) and other therapeutic areas. In addition, its therapeutic platforms are being leveraged through strategic partnerships with nine biopharmaceutical companies.
Zynerba Pharmaceuticals is the leader in innovative pharmaceutically-produced transdermal cannabinoid therapies for rare and near-rare neuropsychiatric disorders. We are committed to improving the lives of patients and their families living with severe, chronic health conditions including Fragile X syndrome, autism spectrum disorder, 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, and a heterogeneous group of rare and ultra-rare epilepsies known as developmental and epileptic encephalopathies.
Zynex, founded in 1996, markets and sells its own design of electrotherapy medical devices used for pain management and rehabilitation; and the Company's proprietary NeuroMove device designed to help recovery of stroke and spinal cord injury patients. Zynex is also developing a new blood volume monitor for use in hospitals and surgery centers.

TEST TICKER FOR  UTP
